So, the episode opens with John Watson’s dream from his time in combat in Afghanistan. And, that’s just for a second, and then he wakes up and he’s at his desk with a gun. And then, it cuts to a scene with him and his therapist who he doesn’t seem to trust very much. And then, I believe, at this point we’re shown this string of 3 successive suicides, which are immediately suspicious to the viewer because they’re-, they have their origins in these mundane situations. One guy is at work The second guy is at a bus stop with his friend, and he’s going to get an umbrella. And then, I forget what the third one is. I think she’s at a party or at a bar or something. So, this is in the news, and then- and then it cuts back to John Watson and he’s walking somewhere through a park. He walks with a crutch because of injuries or something from combat. And then an old friend stops him there, and reintroduces himself and it’s obvious that it’s been some time since he’d seen him because the friend excuses himself for having gotten fat <inaudible> And then, the friend takes him to this lab and introduces him to-, well, he doesn’t even properly introduce him. But, they’re <inaudible> of the-, it was eventually made known to the viewer as Sherlock Holmes. Oh, no, no, no. Before that, we see Sherlock Holmes in the morgue, and there’s-, he’s examining one of the bodies of this string of suicides i think, or maybe it's just an unrelated body. But, he asks for a riding crop and just starts beating the body, hoping for bruising i guess that's to tell whether the death is recent or not. And, he sort of bluntly-, he bluntly remarks on how the mortician is like flirting with him because she’s put on makeup and then later she takes it off. She’s asked him out to coffee, but he just interprets that as, “Would you like me to get you a cup of coffee?” And then we see him in the lab. That’s when John Watson’s friend brings him there. So, Sherlock is kind of cold to them, and then said all these things about John. And John assumes that somebody has told Sherlock Holmes about him because he's remarked on like his alcoholic brother and his therapist. He asks him, “Afghanistan or Iraq?” And John wonders, you know, who told you about all of this. And then finally Sherlock says, you know, you-, like-, he asks if John minds the violin because sometimes he practices violin to think. Sometimes he thinks out loud for days at a time. And he mentions this because they’re-, they’re looking for a flat. And John wonders why, like, who told you I was looking for a flat, so Sherlock explains that, you know, this is an old friend, he brought you-, an old friend of mine. He brought you in here randomly. He knew that I was looking for a flat mate. And you must be, too. Meet me at this address on Baker Street this time tomorrow. So, they meet at-, John Watson is a little weirded out, but they meet at Baker Street at the flat the next day. And the place is kind of a mess. I guess Sherlock already lived there because all of his stuff was already there, and all of this laboratory equipment was on like the kitchen table or something. And the landlady is in the apartment, and then as this happens, we see-, the screen cuts briefly, just momentarily to a woman in a pink dress leaning down to get a pill out of the same-, these are the same pills that we’ve seen for the other three suicides. And then it cuts back to the apartment. All of a sudden, some police inspector comes-, rushes into the apartment. Sherlock already know there’s been a fourth suicide because he sees like a cop car outside or something. So, he asks Watson if he wants to come along, and Watson says, you know, I’ve seen enough deaths for a lifetime as an army medic. Sherlock asks him if he wants to come anyways. And Watson says absolutely. So, they drive to the crime scene, and they go downstairs or upstairs to inspect the body, Sherlock basically requests that he and Watson be left alone in the room. And he deduces all of these things about the body-, where she’s coming from, how she was probably a serial adulterer. On the one, there was like. Watson, upon Sherlock’s request concluded that the body was prepped. That the woman probably died from asphyxiation. And then the police inspector comes in again, maybe the police chief. And he mentions something about a case. And this really sets Sherlock off. Like she had to have had a suitcase because she was-, this was like a one night stint, so where’s her suitcase? And he said this is how the serial killer slipped up. So, he rushes off, saying that you, you know, the mistake this time was pink. Watson and the police inspector are just left in the room with the body wondering where he’s gone. So, Sherlock has totally let the time scene at this time, and Watson wonders down slowly because he has, you know, the limp and a crutch. And he asks where he can-, he asks one of the inspectors who was on the perimeter of the crime scene where he can get a cab because he can’t walk very far. So, she directs him to the main road, and he’s walking along, and he passes like, 2 payphones. They all ring in succession as he passes them. He ignores them, but finally he goes into one because it seems like it’s meant for him. And the voice at the other end of the line knows who he is. The message-, the voice tells him look at security cameras in the building near him. And the cameras all turn away and the payphone where-, where Watson is standing. And then the voice says, “Just get in the car that will pull up. I would threaten you, but you seem to understand the danger of the situation.” So, Watson gets into the car, they-, he asks the rather attractive woman in the back with him what her name is. She has-, she gives him a fake name and he asks if that’s her real name. She says, “No.” There’s a man standing there with an umbrella and a suit. And he seems to know things about Watson and <inaudible> Sherlock is very smart. This man seems to be very, sort of <inaudible> intelligent and able to deduce a lot about Watson. And he explains that Sherlock would call him an enemy or his archenemy. And he offers Watson some undisclosed but great amount of money on a regular basis in exchange for spying on Sherlock, which Watson refuses, but in <inaudible> disturbed. The man tells Watson that he should fire his therapist because she thinks that he has tremors that are induced by post traumatic stress disorder. But the man can tell that he’s under stress then, and he holds Watson and it’s not-, it’s not trembling at all. So, then, you know, Watson refuses the bribe, and he has the man’s car take him back to the Baker Street apartment because while he was there, Sherlock was texting him three times, telling him to come to the apartment. So, he goes back, and again the woman in the back with him seemed sort of oblivious. He kind of asks her on a date, and she just-, it doesn’t even register with her as a date. He tries open, and then she just says, goodbye. And then, Watson is back in the apartment. Sherlock’s already there. He’s lying on the bed, and he has three Nicotine patches on his arm because he claims that this helps him to think better and an apartment is no place for a smoker. So, he <inaudible> to Watson how-, oh, he asks Watson to send a text from his phone. And Watson is a little miffed at this because Sherlock has called him over from the other side of London to send a text. And Sherlock is <inaudible> Eventually he explains that this is a text to-, and then <inaudible> He thinks that the murderer would have the victims phone number. He had Watson text the victim’s phone number. Then Sherlock Holmes pulls out the pink suitcase and explains to Watson that in case he had any misgivings, he was not the killer. But, <pause> Watson didn’t suspect him in the first place. They are sort of going through the belongings in the suitcase. And then the killer, or who-, who-, who Sherlock thinks is the killer calls Watson’s cell phone back with a blocked number. Sherlock heads out the door, explaining that Watson could come with him. It will be dangerous, but he’d like his company. And Watson didn’t turn down danger the first time. So, he walks out the door and then Watson follows him, and then that’s where we ended.
   
