So at the beginning of the show we see um Watson. And well first we see him flashing back to combat. And then he wakes up, slightly flustered, and sits in his bed for a bit. And then he wakes up, sits down, there's something in his desk I think. And then we see him with his therapist who.. I don't remember exactly their conversation. I think she tells him to stop doing something? I don't remember. And then I believe the murders begin with a man, well first its a woman on a man on a cellphone and I don't remember what they talk about. And I believe its that same man that ends up dead in a very tall building thats kind of empty. But we see a close up of him taking a pill. And then soon after, we see another suicide of another man but we don't know who he is. Then he takes the same pill from the same small glass bottle. And then I believe there's a press conference. And either before or after that another woman with blonde hair, she takes the pill and she dies. And then I think we go back to Watson and he's in a park with a somewhat heavyset man. And I don't know if he knows him, but they converse and they talk about a flat to live in and I think Watson is having trouble finding a flat. And Watson is also injured cause the man who passes him he says he thought he was away at war getting shot at, and then Watson confirmed that he was away and did get shot at which is why he was, he had a cane. And then he, they sit on the bench and he complains, well not complains, but they talk about the flat issue, and I think he invites him, the other man invites Watson, to meet Sherlock Holmes. And then I think we go back to the press conference. And a man and a woman are sitting at a desk and they announce that there have three serial suicides and the audience, the press thinks its very far fetched. And they have a lot of questions, and they try to assure them that certain things are not happening, but as they do so, they receive a text, everybody receives a text, saying "wrong", kind of denying what they say at the table, kind of leaving everybody skeptical. And then we go back to, well I think either before or after that we see Sherlock Holmes for the first time. He is examining a body and a woman who I think works there shows him the body. She goes away and comes back, she has lipstick on and he notices, and she's kind of embarrassed. And then after I think we go to a lab where Sherlock Holmes was working. And the larger, well not large, but Watson and the man he was with at the park, they come back and they meet Sherlock Holmes. The woman comes back and she is no longer wearing lipstick. And Sherlock Holmes says something along the lines of what happened, it made your lips look fuller. And she seems frustrated and annoyed. And then as Watson walks in, the camera kind of slows down, you can tell that he's analyzing Watson. And then he tells him a lot of information about himself, such as his family situation, the fact that he was a soldier, and it leaves Watson kind of confused. And then he doesn't really, Watson doesn't really know what to make of Sherlock Holmes. And then… I think the next suicide happens and its a woman wearing pink and we see the same bottle. And then we go back to the flat at 221B Baker Street and Watson and SH are there and Watson goes up with SH to the flat. There's a skull which I think is like SH's friend. There's a library. Watson sits down. The woman talks with them, the landlord. And she jokes with them about her bringing them tea if she's the landlord. And then I don't know what they talk about, but oh and then the woman says there has been a string of three suicides, and it seems like something SH would be interested in. He says that there are four, because he looks out the window and he sees a cop car pull up. Its the same man who comes upstairs to the flat from the press conference where he was sitting at the table trying to assure everybody that nothing was happening. And he tells him that he needed SH's help, and SH gets really excited, and Watson is kind of confused sitting on the chair. And then SH prepares to leave and the woman asks Watson if he wants some tea? And he says yes, I want some biscuits. And she's telling him she's just his landlord. And then Sherlock Holmes comes back, and he asks, how good of a doctor he was in the war? And he says pretty good. And I think he says its gonna be dangerous but Watson goes along with it. So then they take a car ride to the crime, where the suicide happened with the fourth woman. And Watson asks him about what was.. Watson asks him how did he know all of that information about him? And SH tells him that he knew all of the information from his cellphone. He knew that it was a gift because it was very fancy but he was kind of --Watson-- didn't have that much money because he was a soldier on a soldier's pension which is why he didn't get much money which is why he was living with SH in the flat. And then he said it was a gift because of the name that was engraved on it. The scuff marks indicated that he had a lot of change to keep in his pocket. Did he say he was an alcoholic? Maybe, but he says it was a gift from his brother. SH says it was a gift from Watson's brother who just got divorced because there were two names on it and it was a new phone, only a couple months, a new model that had been given to Watson. He also says they don't keep in touch very much which is why he gave it to him. They arrive at the crime scene and SH is surprised that he got all the information right. But then Watson tells him that the only thing he was off on was that it was Harriet, I mean Harry was his sister, not his brother. And they get to the crime scene, and the woman from the press conference who was with the other man telling the press about the suicides and they don't seem to get along. I don't remember what she says, but she lets them into the crime scene. Well first she's skeptical about him being there and he says he was invited. And then she lets him into the crime scene and asks who Watson is, and I think he just describes him as the doctor who will be assisting him. And then they walk towards the apartment itself. They meet another man, and they don't seem like very good friends with each other because Watson says, something about maybe getting a divorce? He says someone told him. SH says no, its your deodorant. And then he asks him how did he know that. And he points at the woman standing behind him who let him into the crime scene because he also smelled like that and he makes a joke about her cleaning the floors because her knees are.. yeah. And then they go upstairs to the crime scene and they see a woman face down, we kind of see her face, she's wearing pink, high heels. The room is fairly empty. We see the man again. Oh before they went inside, someone tells him not to mess up the crime scene--oh he doesn't want to put on the clothes that keep you from contaminating the crime scene. Then they go up the stairs, maybe 4-5 floors, and then they're in the room now, they see the woman on the floor. And then from the moment that they get inside, SH makes an initial, scans her, sees that her ring is taken off frequently because the inside is clean and the outside is dirty which means she pulls it on and off a lot, but doesn't clean it like the rest of her jewelry. He notices that the inside of her collar is wet but the parts of her are wet thinking that she wasn't too long ago that she was outside. And then he see on the floor "Rachel"? Well I don't know, my glasses, it could be Rache or Rachel, it was something in German. Yeah but I think maybe Rachel. And it means revenge in German. And then SH tells him all of this, tells the man all of this and Watson kind of just watches in amazement, kind of interjects and oh thats amazing, that's brilliant, SH says oh okay. He looks at him kind of confused, says oh I know, I like it, something like that. And then he keeps asking about a suitcase, where's the suitcase, and then man says that there was no suitcase found, and then SH gets excited, he figures out the suitcase was pink, but he doesn't tell them yet. He just, he leaves and gets excited after he realizes something, seeing that..wait.. he's saying something, just very excited on the stairs, we don't know what, what detail. And once he gets to the bottom of the stairs, they keep asking him, he just says it was pink. The next scene.. And then Watson comes down the stairs, he looks for SH, and the woman tells him that he's already left, and he shouldn't try to get to--she tells Watson that he's not his friend. And then he could very likely be a killer because he gets off on these things and ??????. And then Watson kind of realizes this and then he asks her where to find a cab because he's limping and he's injured and she tells him to go down the street. And as he's walking down the street the first phone rings inside of a little telephone booth. In a first little one of those classic London telephone booths. And, this is all nighttime by the way, I don't know if I mentioned it. And all happening in the same day. Then he walks down the street, then a phone rings in a store. He looks at it, and a man--he goes to pick it up but it stops as he puts his hand towards it. Then he walks some more, and then another phone booth, the little red one, rings and he decides to answer this one after some apprehension. And then the man tells him to look up to his left, then he sees a camera, then to look somewhere else and there's another camera that's moving and then to his right he sees another camera. And then he tells him to get in the car that's about to pull up and he would think up a threat but he assumes that he knows that this situation is serious. Then a black car pulls up, a chauffeur comes out and opens the door for Watson. Then he gets inside of the car. And then there's a woman who doesn't really pay any attention to him. She's on her cellphone texting or doing something and Watson asks where he's going, and she tells him no chance, I'm not going to tell you, she doesn't even care about him. And then they arrive at this big, maybe warehouse type place, with a chair and a man with an umbrella, I don't remember his name, but he tells him he is SH's arch enemy and that he will pay him a large sum of money if he gives him info on SH. But then Watson, the whole time doesn't really, he's kind of mad at this man. And then he tells him that he's not going to take any money, and he tells him that he's??. And then a man tells Watson to lift his left hand and Watson does it and he walks closer to him. And then--oh and I think he also tells him some things about his life and he doesn't know how he knows. He pulls out a little book and reads some things, tells him where he lives with Watson and some other things. Then he pulls up his hand and then he pulls it down slowly, then he turns it and then he sees that Watson's hand isn't shaking. And the man tells him that, I don't know why the doctor therapist, he's telling you that you have PTSD, because your hands aren't shaking now in a very serious, perhaps dangerous situation. And then he concludes that he likes danger. And then he gets back in the car with the woman and asks her to make a stop. She still doesn't care, she's still on her phone texting. And he asks to make a stop, i think at his first apartment or flat. And he goes inside and he takes out a gun. He gets back in the car and asks her does she get a lot of free time. She says lots. And there's a little silence. I don't remember but there's a joke, and she says I don't know, not a chance, something like that. And then he gets out of the car, he gets back to the flat, SH's flat. And then he has three nicotine patches on, he says that something about breathing is so boring, something along those lines. And then he tells him to, well he's lying on a couch, and he tells Watson to get the phone and text Jennifer Wilson's number, the girl who died in the pink, the fourth victim. And tells him something, tells him to text an address I think. And then um Watson asks him why did he bring him all the way over here just to text somebody. And then SH tells him to hurry up. And then he jumps on the table, jumps off, sits, well doesn't really sit, but kind of sits in a chair with his feet on it. After he opens up a pink suitcase, and he says he found it, because he realizes that the killer made a mistake. And he found it in like a trash bin, because it was only within about 5 minutes of driving distance from the place the crime scene. ???and Watson found it under an hour. And then he brought it back to his apartment and was looking through it, and then saw that a, saw that the cellphone was missing, and then when he.. Then I think the phone rings again and SH tells him that it was the killer panicking. And then SH is about to go out, to go somewhere I don't remember where he's going, then asks Watson if he wants to come. And then I think that's the end. Wait let me think….Yeah I think thats the end, I'm done. 

















