So the show starts with Watson dreaming, or like reliving his time in the military. Starts with the battlefield and he's on it. And there are shots being fired and its pretty green. He's in an army uniform. And he wakes up in a room on a bed. And I think he gets up and walks around. And like brushing his teeth or something, or like checks his computer. And then, I think gets like the intro scene, or um I'm not sure of the order, but he goes to his psychiatrist, and they talk about it. And she writes down that he doesn't trust people. And he's watching her write it down upside down, he calls her out on it. And then I think he's in a park. He sees one of his friends--or his old friends. And they start talking for a little while. And his old friend finds out that he needs a place to stay, because London is too expensive, but Watson wants to stay in London. So this person mentions that he's heard someone else say the exact same thing. And so this person brings him to Sherlock, who's in the lab, and is kind of analyzing, um certain things. And I think before this scene where Sherlock is in a lab, he's in a mortuary. He wants to figure out how a body will bruise if he like hits it with a riding crop. So he's sort of doing that, and then this girl is there and like wants to, wants him to ask her out or something. So she puts on make up and asks him if he wants coffee? But he said yes, but he like just wants the coffee. And yeah but not necessarily he's not interested. And then comes the scene where he's in the lab looking at, like, something under the microscope, like a drop of some kind. And at this point the guy brings in Watson, and Sherlock figures him out pretty quickly, figures out that he--asks him if he was in Afghanistan or Iraq. And he said, I don't know what he said actually, I think he said Afghanistan. But and then he also diagnosed that he's not close with his brother, and that his brother has a drinking problem. And probably like recently divorced from his wife or something. And then so Watson is pretty surprised and doesn't know how he knows that. And Sherlock gives him a time to meet, and then Watson pushes him a bit further, and eventually Sherlock tells him his name and the address. After that Watson goes him and he googles Sherlock and probably finds out that he's a detective or sees his website. And then the next day he goes and meets Sherlock at the address that they set on. And the woman like open the door and everything and Watson realizes that Sherlock has been living there for a while and he's like all moved in. And he has a skull that he likes to talk to. And at that point, theres already been three suicides. So I guess that's what came before that I probably didn't say, is that there was a scene with like a press conference where the police was talking about the three suicides that happened. And they've like shown these three things happening. So one of them is like this boy who was hanging out with his friend, then went and left. THe other one was this man was supposed to meet this woman, and he just also like took this pill and died. And the third one was this woman at this party, who like ended up in some sketchy place, and then she also took this pill and died. And then so apparently a fourth one happened which is the lady in pink. And they show this scene of her taking the pill. And she had like on red or pink shoes and jacket and she also died. And then so the detective finally decided to call Sherlock, because Sherlock seems to be their go to person for this. And also Sherlock was like texting everyone during the press conference, saying that what the inspector was saying was wrong. And he texted the inspector saying you know, you know where to find me when you're interested or something. So Sherlock finally gets the call, so he like leaves the apartment, like dashes out. And then the lady who owns the place, categorizes Sherlock as the kind of guy who's always dashing about and Watson as the kind of person who just like to sit there. And I think that got to Watson a bit, and he got a little bit uncomfortable, so she offered to make him some tea and then he said yes. But then Sherlock came back and asked if he wanted to come with since he was an army doctor so he must have seen lots of pretty gruesome things. And Sherlock asks if he's seen enough gruesome things, and I think Watson says something like, no not nearly enough. So then they like both run down the stairs together and go to the crime scene. ANd the crime scene is in this like isolated apartment building. And they see the lady in pink, and next to her, she's written on the floor. Like R A C H E. And then Sherlock analyzes that and sees that its not--she didn't mean the German word for revenge, she means that she was trying to carve out the name Rachel. And then he also sees, he notices a lot of things like her wedding ring, that its like dirty on the outside but clean on the inside, from like taking it on and off so many times. He also notices that her jewelry is new, her coat is wet. And so he diagnoses that she is from out of town because her coat is still wet. And she has an umbrella but she didn't use it which means that it was windy. So its about like a two hour, two hours out of town or something. And so he figures out where she is from. So he tells all this to inspector. And the inspector kind of just, he's excited that Sherlock has figured this out. And then Sherlock says that this person has made a mistake, like the murderer has made a mistake. And when Watson asks him why, he says its because she's in pink. And he means that she had a suitcase, because he notices that on the back of her stockings there were splash marks indicating that she was pulling along a suitcase. And Watson helped by saying that she died through asphyxiation, possibly choking on her own vomit. So that way he came into--he was handy. And then so Sherlock runs out and Watson comes behind and asks the inspector where Sherlock went. And the inspector who doesn't like Sherlock so much, probably because earlier he figured out that she was probably sleeping with one of the other guys on the police team, because he noticed she was wearing the same deodorant as the guy. So she warned Watson about Sherlock, because she says that he really really enjoys this kind of stuff, and that's kind of dangerous because one day he might get tired of.. you know if he gets too bored he might be the one who creates these situations that are pretty disturbing. So Watson at that point is looking for a taxi, so he goes to the main road but every time he walks past a phone it rings. So finally he picks up the phone, and a guy tells him to look at the cameras and he he sees that the cameras that were showing that side of the street are being pointed away from him. And then the guy tells him to get into the car. So he gets into this black car that just opened for him. And there's like a woman with dark hair inside who's texting. And then he asks for her name and she makes up a name and gives it to him. And eventually the car pulls up to this warehouse and he gets out. And there's a guy, so like Watson has a limp and a cane, this guy has an umbrella or something. And he's like leaning on and swinging it around like he doesn't need it. And he tells Watson that he's Sherlock's friend/archenemy because Sherlock doesn't have friends. And he offers to bribe Watson to spy on Sherlock if Watson moves in. And then Watson says no. And this guy sort of has the notebook that Watson's psychiatrist was taking notes in. So he was telling Watson a lot of things about himself, such as that he doesn't trust anyone but perhaps he trusts Sherlock. And he also diagnoses Watson in the sense that Watson's hand is normally shaking because his psychiatrist thinks its PTSD from reliving memories from the battlefield. And that you know it freaks him out and it scares him. But really, under a stressful situation his hand doesn't shake so the guy says that you know its because Watson misses the war, not because he's reliving it. And then Watson realizes that maybe this is a true part about himself. And so during this time, Sherlock has been like texting him, telling him to come back to the house. And then finally Sherlock texts like "its dangerous". And then the lady in the car comes out and asks Watson where he wants to go. And then Watson gives him Sherlock's address but stops by home to pick up a gun before going over to Sherlock's. And then he goes to Sherlock's and Sherlock is on the couch with nicotine patches on his arm, three of them, because apparently its a kind of problem that requires three nicotine patches. And he asks Sherlock--or he asks Watson to take out his phone and text the number on his desk, and the number is to the lady in pink who committed suicide/was murdered. Then he goes over and picks up this pink suitcase. And then Watson is pretty surprised and a little disturbed because you know.. And then Sherlock says no obviously I'm not the murderer. And he said he found the suitcase by looking around the perimeter, 5 minutes, because that's probably how long it took the guy to realize that he kept ?? the pink suitcase. So he's going through the suitcase and he's wondering where her phone is so that's why he had Watson text that number, because the guy probably has it. And then Watson's phone rings with a blocked number and is probably the guy because Sherlock says you know, you text the number and he like panicked. And the funny part I guess was just Sherlock was saying that he talks to Watson because his skull isn't there. But he also invited Watson to go with him to this next part. And Watson asks why? And he is like well I like company and I like to talk. And also because, you know, yeah its just nice to have company. But then Watson says the sergeant warned me about you, because you're kind of, that you really get off on this. And Sherlock says well look at you, I texted that its dangerous and you came running. So it sort of establishes the relationship between like Watson and Sherlock, so at the end they both go down the stairs together. And I think that's it and I'm done. 


















