Okay so they began with like a dream sequence of a shootout. It's during the day, it looks like its in a grassy field with some sort of shovel, half decomposed building. There's a lot of guys in army gear shooting. It's very chaotic, can't really make out any faces of really people. And then so that cuts out really quickly and you see this man kind of like start out of the bed, looks like its the middle of the night or something. So he just kind of sits up, sits there heaving for a while like he just woke up from a nightmare which is what we assume that dream was. So then it cuts out to the day time and we get like this image of his apartment and he's just walking around. They have a shot of his mug which has some kind of sign on in, like a crest almost. And then there's like a quick shot too of a gun and a notebook. And then it cuts to another clip of the same man sitting in front of what we can assume is his therapist. And they are talking, she says something about him still having trust issues--or no she writes that, and he reads it upside down and asks her about reading that. And then she confronts him about reading her writing upside down and its a very tense situation. And that immediately cuts out and we see a blond woman, she's in an office building, she's on a phone with a man. We're not sure what the relationship is between her and the man, but she tells him to get a taxi home. And then right after we see a clip of a man taking a pill out of this clear bottle. The pill is white with red dots on it. And its, the scene is pretty hay so you're not exactly sure what's happening. He looks like he's in some sort of building though, like right up against the edge and like a glass elevator or some small confined area. So he's shaking, he takes this pill, and we see him press against the glass from an outside perspective. Its later revealed that he died. And its implied that that pill is the poison that killed him. Then there's a quick scene where someone, I'm not sure who it was, was saying this man he was a good person, We're not sure why he did, why he would have committed suicide. And then the blond woman who spoke to him on the phone earlier is seen in the background crying. And then we cut to another scene of these two teenagers, maybe early 20s, these two guys pretty young, walking in the rain. One of them doesn't have his umbrella, the other does. And its raining, its dark, its in evening. The one without the umbrella tells his friend I'm gonna go back get my umbrella because its raining. And so he leaves. And again its kind of unclear exactly what happens but the friend is waiting for a while, we can assume that because he checks his watch a couple times. And then the guy… the same bottle that the man had earlier with the pills in it appears again and we assume that the guy who walked away supposedly to get an umbrella, took this pill and then um died. Then there is another scene with two um, it looks like its in a club or something, there's a bar. A woman walks out of the club dance floor area and says to a man, hey she's still dancing, if you can call it that. Then these two, or actually just kidding that's the end of those two characters. And then we see the woman, assuming she's the one that those two characters are are talking about. And she also has these pills and takes one out of the same vial again and is dead. I believe then we go to a panel. Its like a press conference and we're not sure exactly who the characters are on the panel but they seem to be some sort of public safety, police chief kind of figures. And uh there's pictures of the three suicide victims as a backdrop. There's a man and a woman who are speaking, or are really important in the scene. The man is speaking. He is saying things like these suicides are definitely linked, it was the same poison that killed all of them. He does say somethings though, he says I believe like we have our best people on the team. And then everyone in the room gets a text that just says wrong thats it. or wrong exclamation mark. And then later he says--oh later there's a woman in the audience who asks, oh if these suicides are linked, how do we know they're not murder? And the man responds saying they were obviously suicides because the manner, the pills were obviously self administered. In short--the woman asks like how can we prevent this from happening. And he almost brushes it off saying well don't commit suicide. And then he says um something along the lines of, I'm paraphrasing, but everyone is as safe as they want to be. Then again everyone gets a text saying wrong. And that's the third time the text is sent. And then a text is sent only to the man who is speaking. I''m trying to remember what it said but it was signed SH, which we can assume is Sherlock Holmes. And then, I believe we go back to Watson, which was the man who had the nightmare earlier, and he's walking around what looks like a university area. He meets this other guy, not exactly sure what his role is either, but this older man. And they sit and talk for a while, they're having coffee. Oh I never mentioned earlier, so Watson his leg is injured so he walks with a cane and a bit of a limp. So yeah he and this man he met are now sitting on a bench just talking. There's another scene where we see Sherlock. The scene opens with the camera as if the camera was a cadaver, so the camera was looking up and Watson unzips this, the bag and then is looking out of the camera and thats when he, sorry Sherlock unzips it. That's when we first see him. And he has this other lady with him, assuming she's an assistant. And so we see him take, I'm not sure what it's called, like one of those paddle things, and like whacks this body pretty furiously for quite a while. He says somethings about checking how the bruises form to his assistant. And then she starts to ask him for coffee, he interrupts her to say she has put on lipstick. She looks embarrassed but then finishes asking if he wants coffee. He says yes and goes up to his lab, where he's working on something, it look like using a pipette or something to ??. She delivers to him this coffee and he makes a remark that she has now removed her lipstick. And she again looks kind of embarrassed, says something about it not working out for her. He says something along the lines of oh it was improvement, your lips look small now. And then she leaves. While this is happening, he had just met Watson, so Watson and his friend from earlier approached Sherlock in his lab, and one of the first things Sherlock says to Watson is so what was it, Iraq or Afghanistan? So he immediately knows that Watson was an army doctor. He makes a mention of that later also saying I know you're an army doctor. It's revealed that Sherlock is looking for a flatmate and this mutual friend is now going to introduce Watson to Sherlock in the hope that Sherlock will be a suitable roommate for Watson. When that happens, Sherlock asks for the mutual friend's phone and he doesn't have it so Watson offers up his. Sherlock appears to send a text or something through his phone and then before those two leave, meaning Watson and his friend, Sherlock says meet me at this address, 221B Baker Street, I think? Because that's where his flat is going to be. And then Watson kind of says something along the lines of, we don't even know each other. And then Sherlock starts listing things, that Watson was an army doctor in Afghanistan, and that he's not close to his brother, his brother recently walked out of a marriage or something, or is an alcoholic or both, and um.. Watson looks very confused or shocked at this. And then he leaves. And then I believe we see the two of them now, and they get--or they are entering what we assume is Sherlock's flat. There is another lady, the landlord, but she is also there and greets them both. We see that Sherlock's flat is a complete mess. There's books things, there's a skull poster on the wall, there's another actual skull sitting on the fireplace. The kitchen's a mess, looks like there's a lot of chemistry lab equipment in there. But yeah so then they go into there, and there they talk for a little bit. Sherlock he makes some comments about to his landlady about having her make tea or clean up the kitchen or something along those lines. And she kind of ?? saying I'm not like a housekeeper, I'm the landlord here. Yeah he, they talk about the three linked suicides, I believe popped up by a newspaper. And then while they're talking about it, Sherlock looks out the window and says, well now its four. So somehow he sees a police car and just immediately knows that it means that there has been another suicide. Oh yeah so before this scene there was another one of those unclear fuzzy suicide scenes where we see a woman with bright red nails reaching for yet again that same pill bottle with those pills in it, and then so we can assume that she committed suicide in the same manner. So back to the Sherlock flat scene, he's looking out the window, he says this time its unusual though, number four is different. So not long after he says this, there's a man who comes up the stairs into Sherlock's flat, I'll call him the police investigator from here on out, just for clarity sake. So the police man, he doesn't even say anything to Sherlock I don't think? Before Sherlock says like, what's different about this case? And then he asks why do you think something's different? And then Sherlock says well if there wasn't anything different you wouldn't have come to me, something along those lines. And then the police man says they, you know how they never leave a note? They left a note. So he leaves after, or no he asks Sherlock, will you come? And then Sherlock kind of nonchalantly says, I'll be right behind you. And then so the police man leaves, Sherlock is suddenly like burst out, he's really excited he says this is so much fun. He quickly goes after him. So now in the flat there's just the landlady and Watson left, and then Watson asks for tea and biscuits, and the landlady says to him what she said earlier to Sherlock about not being a housekeeper. Sherlock now reappears really quickly, and there's a witty exchange between him and Watson. Sherlock says, you're a doctor, I'm sure you've seen lots of like gruesome violent things. And Watson says yeah, more than enough, more than he could have imagined. And then Sherlock says, want to see more? and then Watson replies affirmatively, and they go to the scene of the crime. On the way there they have a conversation in the cab where Watson asks Sherlock how he knew everything about Watson having like an estranged brother who left his wife or and is alcoholic, and how he knew he was an army doctor from Afghanistan. So Sherlock explains everything, I didn't catch every little detail he said, but he says that the way that Watson walked, the scratches on his phone, the fact that his phone was a hand me down, and then the engraving on the back on his phone. And so Watson is very thoroughly impressed and Sherlock is almost surprised by that because he says most people get angry. And then as they're leaving the cab, Watson or Sherlock asks Watson what he got wrong. And then so Watson starts listing off everything exactly as Sherlock has said it. And Sherlock was pleasantly surprised, like wow for once I got everything right. And then Watson says, well Harry is short for Harriet, so Sherlock was actually wrong about the gender of Watson's sibling. It wasn't his brother it was his sister. So they arrive at the scene of the crime, there's police tape everywhere. Police cars, the sirens, it looks like a pretty old run down apartment. The two are greeted by this lady, she's wearing like a peacoat and a skirt, and then there's some animosity between this lady and Sherlock. It seems like they've had some history of some sort, they don't like each other. She calls him the freak and um there's just like a tense encounter there. He makes a comment about her not having gone home last night, and still wearing the same thing from the night before. So they duck under, there's this guy named Anderson who comes out who we know does not get along too well with Sherlock and maybe does not believe in his abilities, detective abilities. So Anderson says to him, says some snarky things to him, I don't remember exactly what. ANd Sherlock makes a comment about the lady spending the night with Anderson because the cologne that he could smell or something, and then also makes about her knees, implying that there was some sexual relationship going on. So then he, meaning Sherlock and Watson enter the building. On the inside its really really run down, looks old, looks like its about to fall over. There's lots of police investigators, people looking around in there. There is..They're all required to put on these blue suits things for the sake of not contaminating the crime scene but Sherlock refuses and just puts on a pair of gloves. So they go up a lot of stairs to go find the lady, the woman who died. And then they do, they eventually get up there. Sherlock starts doing his thing, he notices that the back of her coat is wet, he notices that underneath the collar is wet. Oh and then she's lying down alone in an empty room, splayed out almost like in a T, but with bent arms, face down. So continuing his investigation, he notices the word R A C H E is spelled out. At first he contemplates that it might be German for revenge, and then he realizes that it might also just be Rachel that she was trying to spell out before she died. He notices that she was left handed, he notices that all of her jewelry is clean with the exception of her wedding ring which is only clean on the inside and from that he deduces that she's been having a bunch of affairs. He is obsessed with this idea of a suitcase, that she definitely has a suitcase. But we'll get to that later. So he, based on his assumptions, says that she's from, don't remember the city's name, but its a city kind of far away where its rainy and windy. He says that her coat is wet because it was too windy to pull out an umbrella because her umbrella was dry. So yeah and then he has Watson kind of take a look at her. Watson says he doesn't smell any alcohol, so probably not that. She died form asphyxiation, says that she probably choked on her own vomit. So Sherlock is still thinking, I think that he sees the splatter marks on the back of her stockings which leads him to say that yes there is definitely a suitcase. And then so he starts asking around everyone who was there, where's the suitcase? Where's the case? And then he's told several times there was never a case in here. And then so that immediately makes him jump to the conclusion that this was not a suicide, this was a murder, because the murderer would nave taken the case. So then he gets really excited and rushes off, saying something about like a pink case, it has to be pink. Yeah when asked what mistake did the murderer make, all Sherlock says is "pink!" So then he's gone, Watson slowly hobbles down and out. And realizes that Sherlock had left him and he talks to that lady from earlier who was tensely conversing with Sherlock. And then she says he's a psychopath and says that one day instead of getting off  on investigating and solving these murders, he's going to be the one who commits them. So Watson looks kind of disturbed but anyways he walks away is looking for a cab. On the way, we see him pass two telephones that are ringing, two public telephones that are ringing, and one is in a telephone booth and the other is in some business establishment. We see like a hand reach for it and it stopped ringing as soon as the guy reaches for it. And so the third one he passes another phone booth with a ringing telephone and he thinks something is strange probably so he enters the phone booth, picks it up, there's no identification, the voice just starts talking, and it says like do you see that security camera on that building to your left or in front of you or something? And then the security camera that the voice points out starts moving around, rotating, and so we assume that the voice or whoever is on the other side of the phone is controlling it. And then he repeats this with two more security cameras, just so like Watson knows that there's this person behind it. And then he says, the voice says, get into the car, I would make a threat but I don't need to, something along those lines. And then a black car pulls up and a driver comes out, opens the door for Watson, and we see Watson get in. Once he gets in, there's already this girl in there. She's on her phone, texting, tapping something. Watson asks her a couple questions, he asks her for her name. She says that its that--he asks if its her real name, she says no, he doesn't seem surprised. Then Watson introduces himself as John and the girl says I know. He asks if there's a point in asking where they're going, and she no? Yeah she says something along the lines of no there is no point. They arrive at this warehouse, Watson steps out, hobbles out, there's this guy standing there, dressed really nicely in a suit, it looks like a vest, very put together. He's holding an umbrella and there's a chair set out. The man asks Watson to sit. Watson refuses twice. So the man asks Watson about his relationship to Sherlock, and Watson denies anything, he just says oh I just met him. This man seems to know Watson's therapist, or at least knows what she was writing because he has the thing about how she says that he is still not trusting, he still has trust issues. And so this man calls himself Sherlock's arch enemy when asked and offers Watson a lot of money to spy on Sherlock and give him information, or return that information to this man. And then Sherlock refuses, he says that he's not loyal, he's just not interested. And throughout this, Watson gets three texts from Sherlock. THe first says, if convenient, come to Baker Street. The second one says, even if its no convenient, come to Baker Street. And the third one says it may be dangerous. Anyway so back to this conversation, so there's a back a forth, the man calls Watson brave, well he first calls him brave and then he says thats a nicest way to say stupid. So yeah and then I think once Watson makes it clear that he's not going to be on this man's side, the man kind of like lets him go, the girl comes back out of the car and says its time to take you home. On the way back Watson asks her not to tell her employer where they went, and the girl agrees. And then Watson asks, you already told him didn't you? And she says yes again. So before they stop back at Baker, Watson goes back to his old flat, what I assume is his old flat and takes his gun with him. So, now Watson is back in the in his flat that he shares with Sherlock on Baker. And we see Sherlock, meditating resting or something, and he has three nicotine patches on his arm, he says that smoking habit is too hard to maintain in London. And then when asked about like breathing, he says breathing is boring. So Watson is asked to give Sherlock his phone, and Sherlock takes it for a second and tells Watson to text a message to the number on his desk. So Watson's a little pissed off initially, kind of like why did you bring me here just to send a text? But in the end, Watson takes the phone, goes to Sherlock's desk, finds this piece of paper, and its labeled with the name of the woman who just died. I don't remember her--her last name's Williams I believe. So something Williams, so he text the number and then the message that Sherlock passed on to him was something along the lines of I can't remember what happened last night, it included a location. So he sent it, and then Sherlock hops out of this couch he was lying down on and grabs this pink suitcase. And I think Watson and the audience immediately know that this was the dead woman's suitcase. And then so Watson asks, how did you get this? And then Sherlock actually says to Watson something to the effect of, are you assuming I'm the murderer? Says that it would be logical to do so because he sent that text to her phone and now he has her suitcase. So Watson asks, how'd you get her suitcase? So Sherlock explains that went to all the areas that a suitcase could be deposited surreptitiously that was also in an area that a car could fit in. Took him less than an hour, because he knew the suitcase was pink. And so he found it. Then he asks Watson what's missing, and Watson says I don't know. So it turns out Sherlock is looking for the woman's cellphone. And he says if the woman's cellphone is missing, its not on her person and its not in her suitcase, then the murderer must have it. So Watson kind of realizes oh my gosh, I just text a murderer. What do I do now? And then Sherlock meanwhile is getting ready, puts on his coat, puts on his scarf, still looks like he's having the time of his life and say, I don't remember what exactly he says about the murderer, but Watson asks have you contacted the police? And Sherlock says like there's no time for the police. So he leaves and then Watson sits there for a little longer. And then he leaves as well after there was something that Sherlock said that got Watson to leave. Don't' remember what it was. So they talk about SHerlock's skull. He says that his landlady threw out his skull and that is why Watson is there cuz he has to have someone to talk to and he says that he's a lot--he meaning Watson attracts a lot less attention than a skull, and that's why he want him to come with him as he's doing this crime fighting stuff. And then so Watson's kind of like, at first he doesn't know what to do with it, and then later gets up and joins Sherlock and that is the end of this episode. 




















