So it opens with cuts of a war scene. Its in the sort of desert-ish area, I think thats what we'll find out, this is Afghanistan. Pretty obvious this is a flashback type scene. So yeah a few cuts of a gunfight, war scene. And then a man wakes up, its been a dream. He's out of breath, clearly disturbed by this dream. Gets out of bed, it moves over to his computer and we see that his name is John Watson, so this is the Watson from Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson. He, we then see him visiting his therapist and they're discussing him adjusting to life back in the civilian world from the military world, so he's probably recently retired from the military. Oh yeah he's had a limp, you can see that in an earlier scene that he used a cane, so he's clearly been injured from the war, and he's discussing with his therapist about his limp, and how he has trust issues and.. And maybe as he's leaving the therapist, he's walking through the park and sees an old friend he went to college with, or something like that. And the old friend, he doesn't recognize the old friend at first, the old friend says yeah I know, I've gotten fat. Watson talks about his military, how he was injured in the military, and he's looking for a place to stay now that he's back you know leading a civilian life. And his old friend from college says that he just ran into another one of his friends earlier that morning who is actually looking for a flat mate. Oh but hold on, earlier there might have, I can't remember exactly when these scenes happen, but there are also a series of scenes where we see a few deaths and that presents sort of the plot for the episode, the conflict that SH will eventually have to solve. So the first scene is, we see a man talking with a woman and she says A, you know you should get a taxi and then she says I love you, and B, get a taxi. Then we see him taking some sort of mysterious pill, and outside the building we see outside the building he is dying on the floor and the pill has killed him. It looks like he has committed suicide. We then see, it then cuts to maybe a month or so later, and we see two young men walking down a rainy street at night. The one young man says to the other, I need--I forgot my umbrella, I need to go back and grab my umbrella from the house or something like that, and I'll be right back. So we see him take off, probably to go take his umbrella, and I guess he catches a cab or something, and then we also see him taking the same pill that the earlier man took. Or we see the newspaper clipping saying that he killed himself inside of a stadium I think. And both of these people were obviously very very distraught, like crying, very disturbed when they were taking this pill which is a sharp contrast from how they were behaving earlier. And then we see a third woman, the third death is of a woman who she looks to be like a politician or something, or something important. Or someone important. And she was at a party, and I guess she had been drinking, she looks a little disoriented, and then we see her at some maybe even serious lil warehouse or something like that, sort of an unidentified location. And she's also crying very disturbed, takes the same pill that killed the two previous people. And there's a news conference and they're talking about how uh… the inspector is talking about how the string of suicides are all the same, and the reporters are all doubtful that there are a string of serial suicides, doesn't make sense, could they possibly be murders? And while this is going on, they receive sort of mysterious text messages, all the reporters and the inspector himself, receive mysterious text messages saying "worng wrong". And at the end the inspector, at the end of the conference, the inspector receives a text saying like, you know where to find me, signed SH, which we assume to be Sherlock Holmes. And he's, and then he's leaving the conference he remarks to his assistant detective or something, or his assistant says we need to get him to stop doing that, he's making us look bad. And he says yeah you know if I could figure out how he's doing it, how he's texting all the reporters and everything, I would get him to stop but I have no idea. So anyway so there is that scene, I can't remember exactly what ???? that I was talking about with John Watson earlier. But then we see Watson going with his old college friend to a lab and.. Actually the first scene in the lab, I think, is the first time we see SH. And he's talking in the morgue with the morgue scientist, I guess, and she, uh what would you call it? I can't remember, I'm drawing a blank on the name of a doctor in a morgue. And she, I guess he's supplying him with a body so he can do some experiments with how a body looks bruised with some sort of like horse whip, like a caddy whip. And she leaves, and then comes back, and then she's wearing lipstick, and then he notices that she's put on lipstick, so and uh she asks him out to get coffee and he sort of fly-ly remarks you know, yes I'll have a coffee now, you know, sort of refusing to acknowledge that she just asked him out on a date, so she clearly put on the lipstick to, cuz she liked him. And then you see Sherlock upstairs in the lab, like pipetting, and working with some sort of chemicals, or liquid or something, doing some sort of experiment in the lab, I guess this is still the morgue lab, or maybe the police lab. So John Watson and his old friend from college come in, and Sherlock.. and Watson remarks oh you know this isn't how it used to be, or this isn't what I'm familiar with. And Sherlock sort of immediately realizes, or remarks to, the first thing he says to Watson is, Iraq or Afghanistan? And Watson is amazed that he could tell, that he observed, and through each of the inscribings on, or Sherlock asks to borrow a phone and Watson agrees, he gives him his phone, and from what's on his phone, some of the engravings on the back, and looking at his phone, he can tell that Watson is recently back from the military and is looking for a flat and he knows that the mutual friend, the guy who Watson went to college with, is introducing Watson to be his new flatmate, so we see Sherlock Holmes has keen eyes, notices very small details. Like we know SH would. And Watson is clearly very impressed. So I guess and then Sherlock is leaving, he's like my name is Sherlock Holmes, here's the address of the flat that I'm looking at, so if you want to stop by and see if you want to rent it out with me. So its like 221 Baker Street or something like that. So Watson goes to visit this address. Sherlock is there and explains that the woman, the landlady who's renting the apartment, he helped to convict her husband and got him executed by the state or something like that? Anyways she comes in, or she opens the door and lets them in, Watson sees that the house is very very messy, there is clutter everywhere, probably from like Sherlock's work. There is sort of an experiment set up on the kitchen table, there's a skull, he notes that there's a skull on the mantel piece which is odd. So they're discussing the logistics of renting together and Watson is sort of doubtful whether or not this strange Sherlock guy could, you know could he live with him. And the landlady Mrs. Hudson comes in reading a newspaper saying oh you know have you heard about these three serial suicides? And Sherlock is like no, there's been 4, because he sees a police car outside and he knows that the police have come to ask for his help in the latest suicide. And he knows that it has to be different this time because otherwise they wouldn't have come to ask him for help to investigate the case. So the police officer comes up, the head detective comes up, asks Sherlock to come investigate the scene, Sherlock agrees, sort of leaves and leaves in a hurry, he's very very excited about sort of the serial.. the serial suicides. He's excited that he gets the chance to actually investigate them with the police's permission. So he sort of leaves and as he's leaving he asks the detective who will be my assistant? And the detective names a couple people, and Sherlock is clearly displeased with the people he names, he says he can't work with those people, they don't understand him or whatever. So he leaves and then comes back in shortly after he leaves. And asks Sherlock hey you were a military doctor right? As Sherlock had figured out earlier, and Sherlock says yeah, or Watson says yes. And Sherlock says so you've seen dead bodies and you're pretty good? Watson says yeah, you know dangerous situations? Yeah. Watson says yes. So Sherlock invites him to come along and Watson immediately agrees. He's really excited, he's clearly excited to get back into the action sort of. So as they're taking a cab to the crime scene, Sherlock explains how he was able to figure out all these things about Watson's life, like that he was in the military, and he had a brother, or we'll find out a sister, who's an alcoholic and recently divorced her wife, and due to the peculiarities on Watson's phone, like the engravings, stuff like that. And Watson is completely astounded that someone could notice all of this. And the only thing Sherlock got wrong is that he thought that it was his brother's phone and the phone was given to Watson's brother by his wife, and it turns out that Harry, which is the name inscribed on the phone, is his sister, short for Harriet. So sort of an understandable mistake that Sherlock made, but Sherlock is nonetheless disappointed that he didn't get it all right. And so they arrive at the crime scene, they go upstairs and its a woman, dead on the floor, dressed all in pink. Watson, so its Watson and the detective, And there are full body suits, like sterile suits, but Sherlock had refused to put the sort of sterile suit on. As we're seeing, Sherlock is a pretty quirky character. And Sherlock begins to investigate the circumstances that the woman died in. And he sees that her wedding ring is unpolished whereas the rest of her jewelry is polished, and her coat is wet but she didn't have a wet umbrella with her, so he knows she had come into town recently from where it was stormy before, into London recently. And that she is a serial adulterer because she's often removed her wedding ring, its polished on the inside from removing it so many times, but dirty on the outside, so she doesn't care much for her marriage. And again Watson is astounded, Sherlock is leaving the scene, he comes to the realization that this is absolutely a serial killing, not suicide, and that the other deaths that we saw earlier, where they took a pill and died, were also serial killings too. And at this point the onlookers, the investigator and Watson look on, terribly confused, and Sherlock runs down the stairs all excited, and realizes that the serial killer has made a mistake, and that this mistake will help him catch the serial killer. And they ask him what's the mistake? And Sherlock just yells "pink!". And uh we have no idea what that means right now, or at that point. So Sherlock takes off and Watson is sort of left there on his own. So Watson leaves, as he's leaving one of the, the female police detective warns Watson about Sherlock, saying that you know he's dangerous, he's a psychopath and he does this for kicks, for fun. Oh she says he gets off on it and that one day, you know, just solving the crimes won't be enough for Sherlock and he's gonna be the one committing the crimes, so she recommends that Watson stay away from Sherlock. So Watson is walking away from the crime scene, going to the main street to catch a cab, and all these phones start ringing in the various buildings as Watson is walking by which is really mysterious. So finally like the third phone rings as he walks by, he goes to the red phone booth, answers the phone, and a serious male voice is on the other end saying, Dr. Watson like look at all these security cameras around you, and you see the security cameras move electronically away from Watson. So this person on the other end is clearly pulling on strings, higher up somewhere, very powerful and probably very dangerous. And he says, okay now that I've demonstrated how much power I have, I don't need to threaten you to get into the car. And a black car pulls up and Watson gets into the car. Inside the car there's a woman, Watson's sitting in the backseat, sort of like a small limousine, there's a driver and the woman in the backseat. There's a woman on her phone, and she's sort of not really paying attention to Watson, and she's probably there to look after him. And he sort of tries to makes small talk and she's not receptive at all. And so they get to this mysterious warehouse in the middle of nowhere, and there's just a man in a suit, clearly very well-dressed, very proper looking man in the middle of the warehouse in the middle of the warehouse. And Watson approaches and is like you know, what's going on, why have you brought me here? Like who are you? And he doesn't really answer any of those questions, except he tells Watson that, you know I know you just met Sherlock Holmes and I'm very concerned about Sherlock, and I want to pay you to spy on him for me. And Watson is not one to take bribes, or you know do something he might.. even though he just met Sherlock he can tell that this guy is up to no good. So he declines without even you know.. refusing to hear the price that the serious man, probably with sinister intentions would give him. And he… We also see that the man is a lot like Sherlock, because he also has these keen deductive reasoning skills where he notices that Watson's hand in a high stress environment is totally still, even though the man somehow has figured out that Watson is attending a therapist for his psychosomatic leg limp and his PTSD, so the man clearly has again like these crazy resources where he can figure out stuff about people, like gain access to their medical records, that kind of things. So the man actually deduces that Watson doesn't have PTSD from the war, that's not why his hand shakes. His hand shakes because he misses the war actually. So we see that Watson is an adventure seeker and is looking sort of for danger. And while they're speaking Watson receives two texts from Sherlock saying hey, come back to the apartment I need you ASAP, could be dangerous. So Watson is driven back to his apartment, so first Watson stops by, the driver and the woman again is in the backseat. Oh Also the man remarks, the mysterious man in the warehouse remarks that Watson is in the battlefield again and its time for him to pick his side in the battle between, apparently between this man on one side of the battle and SH on the other side of the battle. So very mysterious, probably dangerous situation with this guy, this mysterious guy. So Watson has to be driven back to Sherlock's apartment, you know the 221 Baker, first he stops by his, Watson's previous flat and picks up his gun because Sherlock has said this situation could be dangerous. So Sherlock, or Watson arrives at his apartment, at Sherlock's apartment and asks the lady if he could not tell her boss the man in the suit where he went? The lady says of course, and Watson says oh you've already told him haven't you and the lady says yes. Anyway so Watson goes up and sees Sherlock lying on a couch, and Watson, or Sherlock is sort of in a weird haze, he's got three nicotine patches on, Sherlock says this helps him focus when he's thinking about the case. And so Watson comes up, Sherlock has him send a text to a, the dead woman, the woman in pink, her number, has him send a text saying like hey I must have blacked out last night, what happened? come meet me at this location, like 22 Northumberland street, or something like that. So Watson slowly figures out that Sherlock had him text the dead woman's number because the serial killer must still have the dead woman's phone because her phone is not in the suitcase that it turns out Sherlock has somehow found. Because he knew that the suitcase must be pink, because the woman was wearing all pink, so she clearly loved pink or something.I guess Sherlock had figured that out, just from looking at her body. And so he went around to possible like nearby locations for the, where the woman's body was found, where a man, because she says that the serial killer was likely a man statistically speaking, could have sort of stashed the suitcase, could have hidden the suitcase without anyone else noticing. So Sherlock has found the suitcase and there's no phone in it and that's odd, so he knows the serial killer must have the phone with him still. And that sending that specific text message that he had Watson send him must have.. Oh anyone else would just ignore the text, but if it were the killer and you received a text message from someone you thought you just killed, you would obviously, you know be very intrigued.. probably freaked out, very mysterious to you as a serial killer. So we see the phone, or Watson's phone that he used to just text the serial killer with is goes off, there's a call from a withheld humber, so its obviously the serial killer calling like trying to figure out whats going on, how could the woman I just killed have texted her old phone. So Sherlock… Oh so they told him, the serial killer, where to meet so I guess Sherlock gets ready to leave, thanks Watson for coming by, giving him someone to talk to, and use his phone and actually invites Watson along to sort of be his assistant once again in going to stake out this place where hopefully the serial killer will show up, out of you know curiosity, I don't know whats going on with the situation. So Watson says like you know are you kidding me… Or no he doesn't actually say that, he remarks to Sherlock that you know I.. Oh sorry also Watson also tells Sherlock that he had just come from a man, he had just met with a mysterious man who asked him to spy on Sherlock, and Sherlock sort of funnily remarks that oh you should have taken the money and then we could have split it. And Sherlock sort of dismisses the incident, says yeah this guy is super dangerous, he's probably the most dangerous man out there, but I can't focus on that right now, I'm focusing on the serial killings at hand. So Sherlock.. So anyways so as Sherlock is leaving, Watson remarks you know I talked to the detectives, they say you're a psychopath and you get off to these serial killings, isn't that kind of messed up? And Sherlock sort of retorts you know, I told you that this was going to be a dangerous situation and you came anyway. So doesn't' that.. basically implying that he's figured out that Watson is kind of an adventure junkie, like the man in the suit had figured out, and two, implying that they're not so different after all, they're both doing these things because they get off on it I guess. So the two leave and that was, I guess the leave, I guess to go stake out the address, but that's where it cuts off and I think that was the end of the section.



















