Okay um so.. the story starts out with.. scenes of people killing themselves. The suicide shots, it appears that they're all killing themselves in a similar fashion, by taking pills. They seem kinda like they're compelled to do it, almost like they're fighting themselves. There's a scene with a boy doing it after he's split up with his friend in the street. Yeah so then there's a scene with a detective and he's giving a press conference to some reporters, and its the detective and a woman who he's with. And during the press conference the reporters are asking him questions and as he's answering them, periodically there are texts that pop up and the say "Wrong!" and the reporters are all kind of taken aback. And people giving the press conference instruct the reporters to ignore the texts, but as the press conference goes along, it happens three different times and the third time the head inspector gets a text and its an invitation from SH to have him come seek his help with apparent suicides. During the press conference the reporters are asking if the suicides are actually, or like how they could be being investigated by homicide detectives? The detective doesn't really know much but he's just saying that they think they're all linked because all the people kill themselves the same way and they're all in odd locations when they do it, and there's no suicide notes. So then… it introduces Watson, can't really remember where he first is, but he ends up going to a lab with some other guy who introduces him to Sherlock Holmes. During the meeting Sherlock Holmes is.. Well okay actually before there scene there's a scene where SH is examining a corpse, and there's a mortician/doctor person, female who's in charge of the corpse and she's letting SH see it. And SH pulls out a whip and starts whipping the corpse really brutally, and then tells the female doctor that if it starts to bruise give him a call because he's gonna make some deduction. The female mortician is interested in SH and when she has come back, she's put on lipstick and SH notices and she asks him out for coffee and he kinda shuts her down. So then the next scene is where Watson gets introduced to SH, SH asks to use a phone, Watson volunteers, SH is kinda acting like arrogant, like always I guess, and Watson gives him the phone, SH gives it back, and then Sherlock boldly puts forth that they should live together, Watson objects that they SH doesn't know anything about him and he doesn't know anything about SH. SH displays a lot of inside knowledge about who Watson is through his deductions, and he correctly guesses that Watson served in Afghanistan. So actually that Afghanistan observation was first in the scene, but anyways.. So Watson and SH.. So Watson goes home that night and does some research on SH. And the next day he goes to the flat to see it, its extraordinarily messy and weird, and Watson says yeah it should be good once we clean it up, because he didn't realize that SH already lived there. So SH.. yeah.. Watson ends up agreeing to live there, the landlady, I'm assuming is with them and she offers to make some tea. And during the scene the murders/suicides get brought up and SH looks outside to see a cop car and proclaims that there's been a fourth suicide, and so the cop who was in the cop car comes up, and confirms just that, and SH asks him some details, and turns out there's been a suicide note, he gets extremely excited because he thinks.. well just cuz its a new development and the police want him to help. He leaves, comes back, says Watson are you coming? Watson happily abandons the landlady who was gonna make him some tea because he wants some action in his life and he's kinda frustrated that his leg is holding him back. So they go to, they get in a cab, Sherlock hails it, and they go to the crime scene, they're confronted by a woman at the line. Oh the landlady's name was Mrs. Hudson i think? I'm not sure about this woman's name. She stops them and tries to confront Sherlock, he's just arrogant and pushes past, and Watson is kinda hesitant, he doesn't really know what he's getting himself into, but he ends up coming along. The police are kind of questioning Watson, like who is this guy? Sherlock is like he's with me. Then after the pass the line and they walk towards the house, the main detective named anderson confronts Sherlock and Sherlock asks him how long has your wife been out of town? And he says oh come on you didn't' just deduce that and Sherlock tells him that he deduced it throughout the deodorant that he was wearing because, and the guy says so what I always wear men's deodorant. And SHelrokc says yeah, but the female officer's wearing the same deodorant. And then they're kind of embarrassed, and Sherlock assures them that he's not implying anything, says playfully that she must have been cleaning his floor because her knees are in disrepair. Anyways then they walk up the stairs to go to the crime scene, the detective tells them that they have 2minutes, Sherlock says that might be enough, and so they walk in, the camera scene starts to give us details that Sherlock is seeing, like Left-handed, which parts of the body are clean and dirty, wet and dry. So Sherlock examines the body and determines that the lady is an adulteress who's been fooling around and gives some other details about her. THe cops are questioning so he explains his deductions; dirty rings, wedding ring's been taken off, she's been in extremely wet/windy weather, shows them a map of where that weather has existed. Watson is with them, kind of silently, and Sherlock asks him to give him his medical opinion of cause of death. Watson is hesitant, but ends up doing it and says that she probably died form asphyxiation. And so Watson is extremely impressed. The other detected is kind of kowtowed when Sherlock calls him out and says that they need him and thats what lets Watson do the examination. So they come to the conclusion, or Sherlock assures them there's a suitcase and its missing, and excited he runs down the stairs and tells them there's been a murder, the ask why? He tells them that since the suitcase is missing, it has to be a murder because there was someone else there and the murderer took it. And then says that the murderer made a mistake, and they ask what? And he yells Pink! So that's that Watson walks down the stairs slowly with his hurt leg, starts to walk outside and encounters the same female officer who tells him that Sherlock is a psychopath, doesn't have any real friends, and that he gets off on this detective work. And she gives him advice to not befriend Sherlock because he's a psychopath and might eventually turn on Watson. So Dr. Watson is on his way back and he's passing telephone booths and first one rings, he ignores it, second one rings, he ignores it, third one rings, and he finally answers, there's a voice on the other end that tells him to look at security cameras in the area and each one gets averted. And then a car pull up and he says get in, I don't need to threaten you, you already know. So Watson gets in the car, there's a woman in the car, Watson is really confused, the woman acts like this is normal. Watson asks her name, she gives a name, its not her real name, kinda funny. Then it switches to Watson being shown into a open warehouse kind of area and there's a man in a suit. He asks Watson to sit down, Watson refuses. The man displays knowledge about who Watson is, asks Watson what his association with Sherlock is, Watson says I've only known him for a day, the guy says yeah but you're moving in together and helping him solve crimes. Watson just says who are you, and the guy explains that he is actually I'm not sure he gives a straight answer initicall,y I think he keeps talking about Watson. But the man explains that he is SH's enemy, perhaps his archenemy, and he has a vested interest in keeping track of SH. And he offers Watson money to spy on SH without Shelrock knowing. And Watson refuses. The man says I see that you have loyalty issues, you're already loyal to Sherlock Holmes. YOu kind of get the sense that he is, even though he denies it. And Watson just says no I just don't want to do it, and the man says alright. So before he leaves he analyzes Watson a little bit. He asks for Watson's hand, Watson gives his hand, and the guy explains that its not trembling and Watson should fire his therapist because she thinks he has PTSD, when in fact he misses combat. As he walks away, he tells Watson that its a war, welcome back to the war and he needs to choose a side. Throughout that scene Watson is getting texts from Sherlock, saying come back to the apartment I need something, could be.. or if convenient. And the next text even if its not convenient. And the third text is could be dangerous. Watson goes back to the apartment and Sherlock is there, lying n the couch in meditation, hands steepled, three nicotine patches on his arm. Watson asks what he's doing, what the patches are for? Sherlock explains that the nicotine patches are to help him think because you can't smoke in London any more. Sherlock asks Watson for his phone, that he has to send a text, Watson gives it to Sherlock, then Sherlock after he has a phone sends Watson over to the table and tells him there's a number over there and then he says come get the phone back and text this message to this number. Its really authoritative, domineering, and Watson is like kind of angered that Sherlock is just giving him orders, but he still does them. Kinda get the sense that Sherlock is extremely manipulative, especially the texts that he sends Watson get progressively more persuasive, you feel like Sherlock is trying to get Watson to do exact what he wants. Then Watson ends up sending the text. And he's like what the heck is going on. And Sherlock starts explaining what he's deduced. Actually before this Watson tells Sherlock that he's met his arch enemy, who I'm guessing is moriarty, and Sherlock kinda just brushes it off and says well did he offer you money to spy on me? Watson says yes, Sherlock says did you take it? Watson says no, Sherlock says you should have taken it, we could split the money next time. Watson's like whatever. So then anyways Sherlock starts explaining what he's deduced. He pulls out the suitcase that was missing from the crime scene earlier…. Sherlock arrogantly explains that cellphone wasn't with the suitcase, so he had Watson text that message to the dead girl's cellphone. The message is what happened last night, I can't remember? Then he explains that to any other person who found the phone that would be normal but to the killer that would make him freak out because she's supposed to be dead. And their phone gets a call back soon after implying that there is a killer and he's reacted to the text. So then Sherlock leaves or starts to leave and says are you coming? Promises danger, and Watson is happy to come along because he wants excitement. I think that's it.











