So the first thing I remember was a war scene at the beginning of the film. And then it cut to Watson on the couch of his therapist. Oh no he was in his bed, so clearly like back in London. Then they cut to a scene where he's talking to his therapist and he's been struggling to write on his blog, in the scene before we saw him like staring at a blank page with his empty blog. And so the therapist tries to convince him that he really should be writing more on his blog, because it will help him to like kind of overcome, express what he's feeling as a result of being at war. Then we start, then we see, the scene changes completely, we see a man in the airport, and he's talking on the phone to a woman who says she loves him. And then he dies. We come to his funeral. I think the next thing is the police talk, press talk, and police are saying that there's been a string of suicides and that the press starts asking questions, like they says how could it be suicide, how do we know its not murder, how do we stay safe? And then during that scene they all kept getting text messages saying wrong every time that the police man made a point. Then there are a few more scenes of victims taking these pills. Oh I think I forgot previously at some point there'd been a scene with one of the boys who died who was 18, committed suicide, that happened before the police hearing I think.. And then what happened… Right so then we cut to the scene with Watson and his friend on a park bench. And he's saying that he can't afford to live in London by himself on his pension, military. And they start talking, he says that he needs a flatmate, or the friend suggests that he get a flatmate, Watson says who would want to be my flatmate, and he says thats the second time I've heard that today. Then the scene shifts to Sherlock Holmes, he's looking at a corpse in a morgue. He's talking to the lady, the lady, he starts beating the corpse with like a stick and asks about bruises. The lady comes back, he asks her why she's suddenly wearing lipstick and gives her a kind of a sideways glance, and she responds that she asks him if he would like to get coffee, and he basically tells her that I would like black with sugar, which is kind of rude. ANd so then he, so what happens next, Oh right so then he's upstairs in the laboratory, Watson comes in with his friend, they start talking, SH looks at him quickly and like reads him really quickly, asks him if he's been in Iraq or Afghanistan. And Watson is clearly taken off guard. He asks him how he knows that and he goes on, he just kind of endures the questions, pretends to go back to doing what he's doing in the laboratory. In the course of this conversation SH tells him that everything about his current state of affairs, as a brother who's wife has left him for some reason, as a therapist who thinks he has PTSD, that he is looking for a flatmate even though he never mentioned that he's looking for a flatmate. And then Watson's friend the whole time, the mutual friend, is sort of looking at him with a, knowingly, like he knows whats going on, he knew what he brought him to. Then, what happened next? Then they leave at the same time. He asks him if he wants to go back to the flat that they would live in, in central London? 221B Baker street. So they go to the flat, they meet the landlord who takes them upstairs, Watson sits down, they are talking in the flat. Its kind of messy, its really messy. The landlord goes to get coffee and they start chatting about whats going on. They look at a newspaper, the landlady reads from the newspaper and asks him if he knows about or is interested in these three suicides that are happening. Sherlock Holmes, I'm talking about SH. SH looks out the window and sees there's a car, a police car, and he goes oh now there's a fourth case. And he thinks this one's different. He sees a knock on the door. Oh before this time we see a flash of the lady with the pink nails like about to the pill, we only see her hand when she's taking the pills. So now back to the scene with SH and the landlady and Watson. So now there's a knock at the door. Its the detective, they need SH's help. They say you know how there's never been a suicide note with any of the other cases? Well this time there's been a note. SH is clearly excited about this and says that he's kind of on to this case. Oh no he's not excited yet. He seems kind of annoyed. He asks who else is involved in this case, and seems sort of hesitant to join on. But then when the police detective leaves, then SH seems really excited to take on the case. He's excited that there's a note now, he's running around sort of talking to himself now, talking to Watson, then SH leaves and invites Watson to come along with.. No he leaves the room. Watson's just sitting there. The landlady asks him if he wants tea, and she makes it, she's making him tea he asks for biscuits also. Then SH comes back to the flat and sort of asks him, oh you're a military doctor, he says yeah. He asks if he was a good one, Watson says he was a great one. Then you see a lot of violence, a lot of violent assassinations in the past. And so he and SH leave together in the moment where he shows his excitement to get back into a crime, or a violent case. THey leave together they go to the crime scene. At the crime scene there is a woman with curly hair and she is not at all excited to see SH. Oh no cab ride sorry, in the cab ride on the way to the crime scene, there's an important conversation where Watson asks SH how he knew.. no he says that why would the police ask an amateur for help in this case? He's wondering why they'd ask an amateur. SH says.. then what happens.. He goes into more detail because he wonders how he knew everything he knew earlier in the episode. SH says basically, goes through his thought process, how he realized his brother was having problems with his wife or girlfriend, how he like put together the fact that he had a new phone, all these details about how he figured out the info that he figured out earlier. So he responds that its extraordinary that he can figure out so much information. And SH says like you were right about one thing, I'm not an amateur. They arrive at the crime scene, the lady with the curly hair is not excited to see them. SH gets out of the cab, they're both our of the cab now talking to the woman with the black hair. She doesn't really want them to be there but lifts the police barrier and lets them go into the house. Next thing they're like in the apartment, they're looking at the lady who's face down on the floor. SH starts like kind of examining the situation, like examines the woman. We see on the screen like messages. Which reminds me now that I forgot about text messages earlier. In the first scene in the laboratory, SH asks if he can borrow somebody's phone, the mutual friend didn't have a phone, but Watson did have a phone. He sends a text message from Watson's phone. Okay sorry going back to the scene we were just talking about at the scene of the crime. There are sort of messages on the board explaining what SH is seeing, like the woman's coat is still wet, her umbrella is dry, her jewelry is clean, her wedding ring is dirty on the outside, clean on the inside, those sort of things. THen SH starts explaining the situation to the police. We see that she had written something with her nail on the floor, the first thing that popped up was that it was a German word meaning revenge, RACHE, or something. One of the police opens the door, saying they know that she was German and that she was, the message was in German, and SH sort of shuts the door in the detective's face, saying like thank you but no thank you I've got this. So then he continues explaining to the detective that needs his help what was going on. Like how the.. what was I saying.. Oh sorry okay he was explaining that the woman was out of town, she had to have come from not too far away, her coat was only like semi-dry so she couldn't have come from very far away. Then he sort of has an epiphany, he keeps talking about the suitcase the whole time. And he can't find the suitcase, no one knows where the suitcase is, he's asking around everyone like if there's been a suitcase. Then he has this epiphany that its murder not suicide because there's no suitcase even though the stain on her tights like proving that there should have been a suitcase. Like the mud splashes. So he says that the murderer must have taken the woman's suitcase. So he runs off, people are still upstairs, he runs off, he goes downstairs he leaves the crime scene. Watson's still there with the detective and other people. Watson goes downstairs eventually, he is trying to figure out how to get out, how to leave because now he's stranded. He asks the lady with the curly hair and he realized that Sh has left in the car so now he asks her for a taxi. She points him to the main road and they start talking and he.. Oh sorry one more thing I forgot, the woman with the black hair in the beginning of when they first get to the crime scene, SH is discussing, sort of makes a cheeky observation that she had, that she's been sleeping with another person of the crime scene, he says something about they're both wearing the same deodorant he notices. Okay so back to Watson trying to leave the crime scene, he has no transportation. He's looking for a taxi, he's walking toward the main road. He hears the telephone, or phone ring in the telephone booth, he ignores it. He hears another phone ring like in a restaurant while he's looking for a taxi. He thinks its curious but he ignores that also. He keeps walking, the phone rings again in a telephone booth. He answers it the third time, he picks up, there's a man on the phone who says do you notice there are security cameras in a few different places, and the security cameras turn away, like so you can't see him in the booth. He tells him to get into the car, a car pulls up. Watson gets into the black car, there's a woman inside, like an attractive woman inside the car. He says hi, she says hi back. THey are driving somewhere, Watson asks, does it make any sense to ask where we are going? she says no not at all. They get to like some sort of warehouse, its raining, like damp. And the guy on the inside introduces, well doesn't introduce himself, starts talking. We basically come to realize that he's the enemy of SH, like the arch nemesis, that's the closest thing SH has to a friend. Basically this guy wants information out of Watson about SH, so he offers to pay him off, to pay him a lot of money to tell him about SH if he decides to move with him in the flat. And Watson says no, then the enemy of SH says, I'm sure I'm not the first one to tell you to stay away from SH, but I realize that you're not going to. And he asks to see his hand, even though Watson resists at first he eventually lets him look at his hand. And he sees that, he says you're therapist is wrong you should fire her. He says that the therapist thinks you have PTSD, but you're in a stressful situation and you're not shaking now. You're no traumatized by the war, you miss it. That's the end of that scene. Kind of like a dramatic ending to that scene. The woman comes back into the room. The woman from the black car. She tells him, time to take you home. He gets back in the car with the woman. He wants to go to 221 Baker, but wants to make a stop first. They make a stop, he gets a gun, puts it in his back pocket, or in the back of his jeans. He leaves now, gets back in the car with the woman, he asks the woman not to tell her boss the arch nemesis where he is going but then he says something like you already told him didn't you? ANd she says yes. He's getting out of the cab, he asks the woman if she gets much free time, she's texting the entire time. Um like she was in the first cab ride. She says tons of free time, and is sort of like bye, brushes him off. He gets out of the cab, goes into the house, SH is there lying on the couch, he has 3 nicotine patches on, he's thinking, he's talking out loud. He asks Watson for his cellphone. And Watson is sort of like you asked me to come all the way here I was on the other side of London, just to send a text message? He's like yes that's exactly what I want you to do. He dictates to Watson exactly what he wants the text message to say, which is something about some park. I can't remember the name of the park but its a park, like what happened there I must have blacked out? Come now. They send that text message. Then they're sitting in the apartment they're talking. SH has a suitcase. He opens the suitcase, its a bunch of things, Watson asks him how he got the suitcase, then SH interrupts and says no I didn't murder her. And Watson responds a lot of people think you're the murderer he says some people. Watson tells SH that he met his enemy. And SH says which one? He calls himself your arch nemesis. And a passing comment where Watson asks who is he? And Sherlock says the monist dangerous man you'll ever meet, something like that. And but he says that I don't' have time for that now, they go back to the situation with the suitcase. They continue talking. They receive a text message from the murderer, the murderer calls back and SH says that that kind of message is something that the murderer must have had the cellphone, he says that that kind of message is one that a normal person wouldn't respond to immediately, but it would put the murderer on edge, make him really paranoid. And so he puts on his coat, he notices that the landlady took his scarf, he puts on his coat, he puts on his hat. He's ready to walk out the door, he invites Watson to come along. Watsons like what do you need me for? He's like I don't have my skull, you know? He thinks better when he talks out lout. ANd then he said, oh then Watson said to SH that the lady with the black hair at the crime scene said he enjoys these kind of situations and gets off on them. And SH says I told you dangerous, and you came right away. And thats the end of the episode that's all i remember. 















