So it began with Watson being sort of like in a battlefield and we get a bunch of shots of people getting shot at and then he, after a few seconds he wakes up all in a sweat, it seems like at night. And then it fades, and then we see him just sitting in his apartment. It kind of even looked like a hotel room I don't know. He's just sitting there. And then we see a cane in the shot, and he's kind of staring at it, and then he fades away, and he'd been staring at it for a bit, and then he fades away. And then it comes back on and he has the cane and he I guess got a cup of coffee. He sits down at his desk and he takes something out of the drawer of his desk, and then we see a gun in the drawer. And then the next scene he's at his psychiatrist and she's, they're having a conversation, she's asking him about his blog and if he's writing on it. He said yeah, but she knows that he hasn't so she tells him that no, you actually haven't. And he agrees, yeah he hasn't been working on it. And she writes down that he has trust issues and he notices that. And he's like oh so you think I still have trust issues and she says yes, you just read the fact that I said that upside down. You just read that upside down so yes I think you do. He agrees. So then I believe that's when we start to see the first murder. It's like basically, this woman is walking around in her office and she's on the phone with this guy who I guess is her husband. But he's not in the office, he's in a train station, I think. Also on the phone, kind of rushing, and she tells him to get a cab, and he says no, I don't like, or I don't ever use cabs. And then she says ok, but I want to see you soon, or something, go get a cab. But then, and then we see him in distress and taking this pill out of this little plastic vial, and then he's dead, or he dies. And we see a press conference, because I guess he was famous. And his, I guess his wife, who wasn't the same, actually I don't think that's the same woman. So, the woman who was on the phone talking to him I guess was his secretary, maybe, and the woman talking at the press conference was his wife. And she was saying I can't understand why he would commit suicide, he was so happy, and all this stuff. And then we get the second suicide, I guess was what they were calling it at this point. It's these two men, it's at night, and they're walking along a street. And one of them has an umbrella, it's raining. The other one says, or, they try to get a cab, but for whatever reason they couldn't get a cab. So the guy's like, ok I'm just gonna go run back to my house really quick to get an umbrella, and the friend says ok, it doesn't seem like he wanted to wait for him but he waited. And then we see the guy that ran to get the umbrella in like a warehouse, again, he seems to be in distress and he takes the pill. His friend is wondering where he went so then he runs back, and that's when we find out that the friend had committed suicide. I think after that, then we get the third murder. Well we get this press conference, before that we get this press conference with the head of the police saying like, we think, oh no no, we did get the third murder, before the press conference. It was a woman, I don't remember at the time who she was, but... ok, maybe I'll go back to that. So then we get the press conference, and the guy's saying that he thinks that these suicides are linked, and then a reporter says but how could suicides be linked? that doesn't make any sense. And then the head detect-, the head of the, sergeant or whatever says something like, I don't know but we're investigating it. Then everyone in the room gets a text saying Wrong, and everyone's kind of confused about it, and he said, the woman beside him said If you just got a text please ignore it. And then everyone's asking more questions, and then the sergeant says something that apparently Sherlock Holmes thinks is wrong, because they all get a text saying it's wrong again. So then I believe that's when we go to a scene of Watson walking through a park, and he is, well I don't know where he was goig but he's just walking, and he sees his old friend. Or, his old friend sees him, and says hey, and Watson turns around and doesn't recognize him, and the guy says I'm from your school or something, but I got fat. And he's like oh yeah I remember you. And so then they're sitting down at a bench, they got coffees, drinking them. The guy's like, how was it, I heard you got shot, and he's like yeah I did, and he points to his leg, and the guy's like oh ok. But sorry that was when they were standing, not when they were sitting on the bench. So when they're talking on the bench I guess he kinda mentions that he kinda needs a roommate, or flatmate, or er Watson mentions that he needs a flatmate. And then I believe that that's when they go to, or that's when we see a picture of Sherlock opening up a bodybag. And then this woman comes in. He says like How fresh or something and the woman says some number of hours, I guess it was a recent kill or something and then Sherlock says Shame, I knew him? or something. And then we see him whipping something, like a lot, really hard, and the woman comes in and says Did you have hard day or something? And he notices that she had put lipstick on so mentions it. She like, or that she hadn't had it before, and then she gets a little embarassed and says, yeah I was just retouching it, and then she tries to ask him on a coffee date, but basically says, I think Can I get you coffee or something, and he says yeah, black two sugars. But that's obviously not what she meant. So then he's in the lab, pipetting something, and that's when Watson and the fat guy come in, and they say, well and then he gets, kind of introduced to him. The old friend was saying oh this is, a guy that works here. So then Sherlock pretty much just deduces that Watson is the guy that needs a new flatmate from all of these things about him, but we don't really find that out like how he figured that out until later. So that's when, I believe that's when they go check out 221 Baker street. Cause Watson says, ok he gets a little annoyed because he doesn't even know Sherlock and Sherlock's just telling him to meet him at this place, and he doesn't even know where to go so he says ok, my name's Sherlock Holmes, meet me at, he says my name's Sherlock Holmes at the end, but he says, yeah meet me at 221 Baker street at this time or something. Oh I also forgot to mention that the first death occurred in October twelfth, the second death was like November twentieth or twenty-fourth, and then the third death was January twenty-sixth. So, that's when they go to 221B Baker street, which is right next to Speedy's Cafe, Eastrow bar thing? So they go up, a woman, an old lady opens the door, she the, um, landlady. And they walk upstairs and Sherlock kinda notices that Watson is struggling on the stairs so they walk up to the room. And the room is kind of a mess, cause Sherlock is not very tidy. It's very dusty, kind of just dark. But the landlady's very nice. And Watson notices that Sherlock owns a skull, and I guess the skull is Sherlock's friend. So then, Watson's asking I guess about the deaths, because, so Sherlock is looking outside and notices a police car is outisde, and says No it's four deaths now. And right when he says that the sergeant person comes in to the flat. And tells him yes there's a fourth. It's somewhere in Brixton. So the sergeant's kind of asking him to help out. So then once he agrees, and Sherlock says he's not gonna take the police car, he'll follow from behind. So then the sergeant leaves. Says ok and leaves. And then Sherlock gets all excited and starts dancing around and is really happy. And then, ok, so they're in a cab together, and it seems to have been quite some time because now it's dark outside. They're in a cab, sitting in the back, and so that's when Watson starts to ask him about, How did you know all this stuff about me, like when they were in the lab Sherlock was telling him all this stuff. I deduced all these things about you from, like the fact that you needed a flatmate because like, you were in the war, I could tell because of your psycho-somatic limp, the fact that, oh I just remembered, ok, he said, the way Sherlock introduced himself basically was by asking Watson, Iraq or Afghanistan? He says Afghanistan I think. So then Sherlock, ok so they're back in the car and Sherlock is just explaining to him how he figured all that stuff out. A lot of it had to do with the fact that his demeanor was very soldier-like. His posture was very straight and, I don't know just much like a soldier. And he also says that, let's see, he could tell by the fact that, he was examining the guy's phone, examining Watson's phone and the fact that it had all these scratches on it. So someone clearly had bought it for him, cause he seemed like a frugal man, and that's a very nice phone that he wouldn't have gotten for himself. And it said Harry from Clara on the back or something. So he thought that Watson had a brother named Harry. Yeah, Harry or Henry. So, and also I think it was that, er, Sherlock thought that Watson's brother was an alcoholic, because there were a bunch of scratches around where you put the charger in because the person's, a drunk's hand would always be trembling and unable to do it correct, to get the charger into the phone correctly on the first time. So he says that's very impress-, brilliant that's very impressive. An Sherlock says like yeah most people just tell me like piss off or whatever. So then they arrive to the murder scene, the crime scene. Sherlock walks underneath the crime tape, and then the, I think the female sergeant, I couldn't remember her rank, but she's high up I guess I don't know. So then she says Oh wait who's this, for Watson because she doesn't know who he is, and then Sherlock's like Oh he's with me, he's a friend. And then eventually she lets him under the tape. And then the sergeant, the male sergeant comes out, from the apartment building where they are in Brixton, saying Ok I can give you two minutes to go up there and do your thing. But then Sherlock asks who's there and the guys says Anderson, and I guess that's something that Sherlock doesn't really like, because he says I don't need an assistant or anything. And the guy's says like ok, the sergeant says ok. And then Anderson comes out and I think was making rude jokes about what he was wearing, I guess the blue suit. And saying like only women wear it or something. I think he made a rude joke about the female sergeant's knees? So I think they got angry with him. So then all of them go upstairs except for the female sergeant, she didn't go upstairs. We get this shot of these winding staircase and it seems the be on the third floor of this very decrepit building. Oh also I forgot to mention that so far all of the people have die-, except for this fourth one, we've seen everyone had been talking to someone, just one other person recently before their death, but they all died alone in abandoned places. Ok, so now we're upstairs in the room, we see this woman lying on her face, after a shot that goes like the camera goes up through the ceiling so that we're on the floor with her and then in the right, the left hand side of the screen we see a door. There's Sherlock and there's Watson and the sergeant. So she's wearing a pink suit and she's lying on her stomach, with her hands out, and she's dead. The room is pretty empty. It's a wood floor. Sherlock kinda notices that all her, her painted pink nails are very messed up on her left hand, so he looks and by her hand it says RACHE is spelled out as if she had scratched it on the floor. He think that, well first there's all these words on the screen saying it's a German noun meaning revenge, but then he says no it's probably, cause he just had just learned that her name was Rachel Wilson, cause that's what the sergeant had said. So then he deduces all these things like, he feels her back of her suit and notices that it's wet, and it's also very wet underneath her collar. But her umbrella is dry. And then he notices that, he looks at all her jewelry and he has this little device that tells him if something is clean or dirty. And all of her jewelry like necklace, her bracelet, they're all clean except for her wedding ring, which the inside is clean but the outside's dirty, which he then think that that means she's serial adulteress. Because she's always taking it off. But he thinks that someone had found out about it. So he's figuring out all this stuff and then, in the doorway we see Anderson and he's like oh rache means, it's a german word for revenge, but then Sherlock slams the door in his face. And then Sherlock asks Watson, what do you think, what do you think of all this? And then he doesn't really, he goes and looks at the body but he doesn't really know what to say. He looks at her arm and he thinks it's asphyxiation. He lifts up her hand. Then Sherlock gets all flustered because he doesn't know where the suitcase is, because he believes that she must have gotten a suitcase as he's explaining all this to the sergeant and Watson, that ok, she's this adulteress, she must have had a suitcase cause she's just from Cardiff, cause she had been, she flipped up her collar because it was cold and rainy, oh but before this he had looked at his phone on google maps to figure out where it had been cold and windy. So that's, right, yeah that's what he'd figured out from google maps on his phone. And then, let's see, I don't remember what else he figure out from that other than that he just needed to go find her suitcase. So he's running downstairs and then he's like Something's missing, and everyone's really confused cause they don't know what it is he's figured out. And I think that he, Watson kept questioning him and he says well maybe she just left it at the hotel. And Sherlock says No, I don't think she had made it to hotel. Because she wouldn't have left the hotel with her hair looking like that. And he's also like This is an awful color of pink. The name of the episode I think was A Case in Pink. It showed it at the beginning of the episode. So, so then Sherlock's running down the stairs, I guess we learn later to go find the suitcase, cause the killer had taken it. And he tells them, he tells everyone, he screams at everyone Did anyone find a suitcase? The sergeant says no, there is no suitcase. So he tries to go find it, and he's getting flustered cause no-one knows where it is. And then that's when Watson- so, Sherlock leaves and then Watson goes down the stairs and it takes him a while, so he's walking out of the building, and I guess is, goes up to the female sergeant and asks, is confused cause he doesn't know where Sherlock went, and then she says well I don't know where he went either. And she continues to go and talk to the policeman who was, had been standing right next to her. This was before Watson walked up to her. So, then Watson, Watson, but then she tells him Oh if you just go to the main road you can find a cab. So then he's walking away. But then she calls out to him, How do you know Sherlock? And he's like, I just met him. He's no my friend. And she's like, well stay away from him, because he's dangerous. She tells Watson that she thinks he's a psych-, she thinks Sherlock is a psychopath. Because he gets off on these murder crime scenes and figuring stuff out, and that, while none of them have been linked to him, she thinks that eventually they're gonna find one of these bodies and it's, he woulda, he's gonna have been the one that put it there. So then we see, right, kinda like across the street from the building where that lady was found dead, there was this red telephone booth. And it was ringing. Which is weird, and then Watson looks at it and hears it ringing but chooses not to answer it. So then he just ends up walking, we see him walking like on a sidewalk, busy sidewalk, and he's looking in a shop window. And there's a telephone ringing again. And then a store clerk is about to answer it but then doesn't. So then he has like a confused face on. And then he keeps walking and then on the third ringing at yet another phone booth, he is again confused and so okay well I'm just gonna answer it. So he goes in and answers it, and this man, whose voice we haven't heard yet, says, Do you see the camera to your left? And so then he kinda, he says Who is this? and the guys says Do you see this camera. So he looks up, and, the camera, so then we see from the camera's view, we're looking at Sherlock in the telephone booth. And then the camera pans over to the street. And then the person on the phone says, Do you see the camera across the street? And then we see the camera moving across the street. We see the camera on Watson's right. And the guy asks Do you see the camera. And so Watson notices all these cameras. And we get a shot of, in each corner of the screen, a view of the street where Watson is. So then the guy says, ok there's gonna be a car, it's gonna pick you up, do you understand the situation you're in? So get in the car, it's gonna pick you up. So then Watson understands the situation he's in and he gets in the car. There's a man that open the door for him. So then we get a shot, we're in the car, with him on the right, er on the left, and this woman on the right, and she's just on her phone, texting. And so then Watson says What is your name? And she says Ah-thea or something. He asks is that real, is that your real name, she kinda smirks and says no. And then he's like all right, is there any point in me asking where we're going? And she says, No not at all. So then, this is quite late actually, so then they get to this abandoned warehouse with all these yellow and green industrial looking crates or, I don't know, industrial metal things. So then the car stops and then Watson gets out and walks up to this guy that's waiting for them there. And the guy's kinda has this black umbrella that he's holding. And there's a seat right in front of him. And so he asks, uh, Watson to sit down, and Watson says no, and then the guys says well you don't look very scared. Or frightened. Or scared. Or afraid, I think it what he said. And Watson says well you don't, I think he said you don't look very frightening. And then the guy kinda laughs. And then he says, he basically says, how do you know Watson? Er, how do you know Sherlock? And then Watson says, oh well actually I kinda just met him, today, no yesterday he says. And then the guy says well you've gone on crime scenes with him and now you're living together, at 221B Baker street. And then Watson says yeah, I guess. And then the man says, basically offers him money, but he hasn't yet told him how much but he says, I will help you out with your rent if you just tell me information about Sherlock. It's nothing that you'd feel uncomfortable sharing. But Watson declines. And the guy says well you don't even know how much I'm gonna offer you, and he still says no. So then the guy gets a little angry. And then... oh yeah he says no. And the guy pulls out this little book in his jacket and he says, Watson has started to walk away but, oh no sorry he hadn't started to walk away. He says Has trust issues. And then Watson is a little confused because that's what his psychiatrist had told him at the beginning of the episode. So then this man says, you should get rid of your psychiatrist, because look, this is a stressful situation and she thinks that you have PTSD, but I noticed that your left hand isn't, cause he started to walk away, and says your left hand isn't shaking. So you don't have PTSD. You don't, the war isn't haunting you, you miss war. You're hanging out with Sherlock because, have you notices that everywhere, walking along the streets of London most people see like, shops and streetlamps. But walking with him you see that it's a battlefield. And I think that's why he's staying with, that's why Watson's staying with Sherlock. So, ok, so. Watson still declines the offer, so then this man just walks away. Like into the warehouse. And then Watson gets back into the car, and while he's walking away, er, while the man's walking away he's swinging the black umbrella that he had. So then Watson gets in the car, is in the car, and he asks to drop him off, and then Watson says is there any chance you could not tell him where I went? Because Moriarty, I don't think, I don't know if that's Moriarty but I've seen Sherlock Holmes movies and I'm guessing that that's his arch enemy. So the man had told him, he said like, Please don't tell Sherlock about any of this. That I offered you money to spy on him basically. Ok so then they're in the car. He gets out of the car. Or, before he gets out of the car he says, to the woman, who's now seated on the left hand side, do you have any time? Free time. And she kinda smirks and says No, does it seem like I have free time? She's always on her phone. So then he gets out and is back at 221 Baker street, B Baker street, and goes up in the room. And then that's when we see, ok yeah so he enters the room, Sherlock is just lying on the couch, with three nicotine patches on his left arm. He's thinking, yeah, he's just been thinking. So then Watson goes up to him and asks him what, Oh, I forgot to mention this. Because, while he was talking to Moriarty, I'm assuming that's the man's name, cause he hadn't introduced himself. So, the man, was saying, while he had been talking to Watson, Watson was getting texts from Sherlock and the first one had said, If it's convenient, please meet me or something. Or please come. And then the second one was like, Even if inconvenient, please come. And then the third one said, it may be dangerous. So the Sherlock, so then they're in the apartment, and he's saying these nicotine patches help me think. It's a three nicotine patch kind of problem. I can't be a smoker. Watson says yeah it's good for breathing, and Watson, er then Sherlock says breathing is boring or something. So then he tells Watson basically the reason that he'd asked him over to the apartment was so that Sherlock could use Watson's phone to send a text. Which Watson was kind of angry about. So Sherlock dictate the text, which basically said Hey what happened last night? I must have, what happened at something Leicester gardens or something? I must have blacked out. Meet me, or something. So then he sends the text. Watson sends the text. Sherlock notices that the landlady had taken his skull, and, because apparently that's his only friend. Oh I forgot to mention that, well the female sergeant and the mysterious man had told him that like, Sherlock didn't have any friends. Oh and I also forgot to mention that when he walked in, Watson did in fact tell him about the mysterious man and that oh, I just met on of your enemies. And Sherlock says oh which one? And did he offer you a bunch of money to spy on me? And then Watson says yes, and then he asks well did you accept it? Watson says no. So then Sherlock says oh it's a shame cause we coulda split it or something. Ok, so, we notice that the skull's missing, and then Sherlock tells Watson about, or he shows him basically that he has the suitcase of the woman, the pink suitcase, because he had found it, he had run off to go find the suitcase. And that he had found it. He basically explained that the first mistake was that the killer had, was that the killer had taken the suitcase, so the killer must have realized this, and within like, he said a five mile radius of all the alleyways that could have fit a car, he must have dumped the suitcase. So we see a shot of Sherlock on a roof and then looking through all this trash and then he finally finds the pink suitcase. So he brought it back to the apartment. And the phone is ringing, because it was a problem because he had been wondering where the woman's phone was. Oh, because at the crime scene, when they were at the crime scene, he had said, Sherlock had said, oh well where's her phone, and that's, oh and that's why Watson had said well maybe it's in the suitcase. And then Sherlock, the sergeant had said well maybe she left it at home. But Sherlock said no, well she's a serial adulterer so why would she have left her phone. She wouldn't have left her phone. So then Watson says oh well did I just send a text to the murderer? And Sherlock says yeah basically. So then the phone starts to ring, Watson says well what's the point of that, and then the phone starts to ring, but they don't answer it I don't think. Because it could only have been the murderer who had the phone, I guess. Cause Sherlock didn't want to send it from his own phone, cause it could have been traced or something. But it would have been better to send it from and unrecognizable number. Which woulda been Watson's phone. Then, let's see, they're going through her stuff in the suitcase and Sherlock asks Watson what's missing? And he says I don't know. And I think Sherlock says something like, it's cause you're an idiot. And then he apologizes. And that's when, I believe, I think that's when it ended. And then they both walked out. Or no, Sherlock had walked out and said like, said he was going somewhere and then, kinda says something like, basically that made Watson want to go with him. And then Watson, yeah and then Watson goes. He gets really annoyed because he knows that he really enjoys, also enjoys these mysteries, so he gets up and then leaves as well. And then I think that's when it ended.	











