Okay, the beginning there was a horse scene.  Then John Watson was there and he was experiencing some turmoil, some trauma and some violence.  And then he woke up, he was having some flash backs.   And shortly thereafter he was in a office with a therapist who was s talking about   and his mental health but I don't remember everything they talked about.   But she thought that  he had PTSD.  Yeah , things are a little bit fuzzy.  At this point in the show.   Dr. Watson somehow got linked up with Sherlock Holmes who was at this lab.  I don't remember exactly why but he went with someone to Sherlock Holmes place.   To this lab, before they got there , Sherlock Holmes was doing something weird   to this body he was hitting it with something.   And a woman at the lab she obviously liked Sherlock Holmes  and asked he wanted coffee  he said he did and he noticed she had lipstick on and  where she didn't have it early in the day .  He excepted the offer for the coffee and when she came back he saw she didn't have lipstick on and she obviously like him but he didn't seem to care.   Anyway, Dr Holmes,  I mean Dr Watson and Sherlock Holmes .  Sherlock notices a bunch of things about him that seems to impress Dr Watson and  and then  at that point  it flashed to a news conference.  And at the news conference they were talking about the third suicide seemed to be similar to previous suicides it's involved the administration of the pill.  These people were killing themselves in which  at places where they didn't have a reason to be.  During the news conference Sherlock  was texting everyone and was saying  what was being said  was not necessarily correct.  People kept getting texts that said wrong.  And at the end, he sent a personal text to  the man who was from the police .  Talking about things at the conference , basically soliciting his help.  So, at this point Sherlock is getting involved in this string of suicides, likely murders, and he wants to enlist  Dr. Watson's help and Sherlock talks him , Dr Watson, do this place and i believe it is 221B Bakers Street.  I believe it was offered to have him live there with him.  And the landlord was there and she was a pretty nice lady.    Offered to make Dr. Watson some tea and insisted it was kind of a one time thing she was not his housekeeper .  While they are there I think it was the police guy comes in and says that they're ... There's been a fourth murder, Sherlock has come on to this before .  Because he saw the cop car and so after this  Sherlock runs off to go do it Dr. Watson is upset that he is not coming too due to his leg, he curses his leg after Sherlock leaves.  So next Sherlock comes back and offers to have Watson come.  Watson comes they don't ride in the police car they took a cab and while they are taking a cab , Sherlock is kind of on his phone messing around and Dr. Watson wants to learn more about him .  Something that I forgot to mention was that  this may have been how Dr Watson got to connect with Sherlock Holmes.  Dr. Watson was walking down a path in a park and ran into somebody he knew who I believe who knew Sherlock Holmes.  I think it was him who brought him to Sherlock's Lab.  So anyway, while they are in the cab Sherlock is talking about things he knows like he does talking very quickly.  He is very observant and he is talking about how is able to talk about characteristics of Dr. Watson while they were in the lab mainly asking him how whether he was in Afghanastan or Iraq during his military service and talking about his phone and how often .  I think he was mistaken he thought Harry was a man but I think he was actually a woman .  I think it was Dr. Watson's sister so some of Sherlock's predictions .  Dr Watson was somewhat off.  So, anyway Sherlock says some more things in the cab.  They get to the crime scene and one of the people there , a police lady, was pretty cold with Sherlock Holmes and I think called him a freak and asked who Dr. Watson was and Sherlock just said he's with me and she let's them through.    And also while they were in the cab to go back again Sherlock talked about how the police are always wrong  and how he is a consultant and how they invented that position .  So he gets called in to do things the police can't do and he thinks that is so nothing.  They go into the building and Dr Watson puts on  a blue suit on  and Sherlock doesn't . They head up several flights of stairs and Sherlock notices that she is the woman who killed herself and looks at her jewelery and notices that  most of it is clean except for one ring which suggests that she was married but unhappily married.   She was seeing other men during her marriage.  And Sherlock is somewhat short with other people in the room.  He told the police guy here initially brought him in to shut up because he was...And there was a guy at the door at one point who was talking to  about how  I don't know how to pronounce it, The Rosh, the German word for revenge was written in there but he thought that had something to do with it.  That was it and Sherlock slammed the door in the guys face.  And he additional noticed that he thought she was writing RAchel he was curious as to why she was doing it after she started to die.    Also when he was feeling different types of the woman he noticed some parts were wet and some parts were dry.  He noticed it was not there and he took off an left Watson.  He was very excited and he thought there was a serial killer.   And so he goes running down the stairs and Watson is left up there.  Watson heads down and initially believes that Sherlock is perhaps waiting for him outside.  But Sherlock is not there.  Dr Watson runs into a police woman who initially let him in past the red tape.   And she describes Sherlock as a psycho path and tells Watson that Sherlock is not paid for services he just thinks it's fun and exciting.   I bet he has no friends so .  He asks , Dr. Watson asks for where he can get a cab.  The police woman lets him through the tape and tells him where to go.  He starts to head to where he can get a ride home.  And as he's walking he notices that  pay phones are going off .  Initially a pay phone went off as he is walking by and it began to ring and he thought the was kind of funny.  He kept walking and he walked past a a store and it was ringing when he was walking by.  And when the worker was about to pick up the phone  the ringing stopped and then when he got passed another phone it was ringing.  He goes in and there is a man on the phone.  Obviously he is trying to get a hold of Dr. Watson.  Initially I thought that Dr. Watson may have known he this person is but this wasn't the case.  I thought it was Sherlock Holmes but it wasn't him either.  The man on the phone is talking about these cameras which are being controlled by him I believe.  He tells Dr. Watson there is a car pulling up he needs to get in.   And he says he doesn't need to threaten him, for his own good he should get into the car.   Goes into the car and opens the back door , he goes and gets in the car and there's a woman in the car who is on her phone.   He asks who she is and she gives him a fake name and he points that out but still doesn't get her real name.  He gives his real name and she knows that already who his name is.   They go to this weird warehouse and there's a man  waiting for them , standing.   He is standing right there with an umbrella , not the fold up kind the long kind.   Dr. Watson gets out of the car and sort of talk about the fear Watson might have or lack of.  Watson state she is not afraid and the man thinks that is weird and he should be afraid.  He tells Watson he is Sherlock's enemy , arch enemy and he starts interrogating him about his degree of contact with  Sherlock Holmes.   And Dr Holmes. sorry Dr. Watson talks about how he has only known him for a day.   And the villian already knows a lot about the situation and offers Dr. Watson a bunch of money to basically spy on Sherlock Holmes to go and live in his apartment.   Dr. Watson turns it down and villian just walks  off and says he needs to choose sides.  He really doesn't do anything after that just walks off.  Dr. Watson after that gets back in the car and tells them he needs a ride home, he needs to stop somewhere first.   So they go off and  oh I forgot to mention while Dr. Watson was talking to the villain  he kept getting texts from Sherlock Holmes and the villain says is this a bad time?  And the texts weren't just saying come to Baker's Street when you can. when it's convenient .  Then he got another text that said  come even if it was inconvenient and then he got a third  text  that said it might be dangerous.  So then, Dr. Watson  goes up to the apartment and goes into  see Sherlock Holmes and who is laying there on the coach  with three nicotine patches on his left arm and he has his hands together under his chin just looking up to the ceiling  in  deep thought.  And Dr. Watson wonders why he has those nicotine patches and Sherlock says he is dealing with a three patch problem.   And so Sherlock asks Dr. Watson to send a  text  using his own phone and not Sherlock's phone Watson's phone.   Because Sherlock's phone is listed on the internet.  So he doesn't want to use it for this.   So he texts the number of the one lady who had died and he texted the words that Sherlock asked him to  send word for word.  And it was something blacking out, I don't remember it, something like that.  It was just a questions and then they talked for a couple of minutes in the apartment.  Dr Watson thought it was pretty silly that he was sending these texts to this phone and then his phone starting ringing.  And Sherlock was saying it was probably the villain , the murderer and then I believe that's when the tv just stopped.  I am trying to think if there were anymore details or important that I am leaving out.   There were definitely a lot of things thinking back.   You know Sherlock would say to people including Watson and the police woman and the policeman and of course the crime scene.  I don't remember everything.  I do remember him saying back in the crime scene to the police woman  that scrubbed the police van floors that they were seeing each other or something.  I think that is what I remember.  Yeah, that's all i can remember.

