Okay, so it starts with a man, and there's a lot of, it's flashbacks. A set of flashbacks from the war. And it sort of jumps between flashbacks of the war, and being in combat, and the man in the room. The room is kind of bare, and he's laying on the bed, and he's obviously having trouble with the memories. They're bothering him. Then it flashes and you see him sit up and he gets up and he is limping and has a cane. So obviously his leg is injured. And then it sort of jumps a bit to him and a woman, and she's obviously his therapist and she's sitting there and she's asking him, and we find out he's John Watson, who is an army doctor. And they start talking and she tells him that he should write down everything that, should write all his experiences down in a story. And he doesn't want to write them down. So then it jumps to a scene that takes place in October, and it's a man and a woman and they're talking on the phone. And so it's jumping, the scene is jumping between the two of them. And it becomes clear that they are having an affair because, okay so before that becomes clear you see him in a strange place where he's like sitting on his own, and I think it's up high in a building. And he takes out like a small, it's like a really small jar with little pretty large pills. And the pills are white with speckling on them and he swallows one of them. Or you see him, you see him like pour it out, and then he swallows it. And the next scene is their, his actual wife is talking about him and how he committed suicide and how everyone will miss him. And the woman he was having an affair with is shown crying. It jumps to another scene and it's two kids, two boys, I guess like late teenagers and they're on a road and they're trying to get a car, and one of them says, okay, I'm gonna go looking for something. And so, he goes off and the same sort of thing to him with the little jar and pill. You just see the jar and the pill. And then the next scene is the newspaper and it says an 18 year old boy committed suicide. Then there's another, there's another suicide. I don't exactly remember what the suicide was. But I know there's a third one. What was the third one? Right, anyway, so then it goes back to Watson and what Watson's doing. And he's walking, and he's walking in a park and he walks past a man who's sitting on a bench, and the bench guy recognizes him. They obviously know each other from before Watson's time in the army. And so he takes, they're talking and Watson mentions that he's looking for a flat mate, and the man says that he talked to someone earlier in the day that was also looking for a flatmate. So he takes him to his lab and he meets Sherlock Holmes who deduces a lot about him before, deduces a lot about Watson before Watson says anything. Tells him that, so first when he walks in he asks which war he was in, whether it was Afghanistan or Iran. And then Watson asks to use his phone, and, or sorry, Sherlock asks to use Watson's phone and Watson lets him use it. Somewhere in there there's a scene with the police. I don't know if this is before or after that part. But there's Lestrade and he's sitting in front of, he's with a panel and sitting in front of reporters and they're saying that the three suicides are linked. And the reporters ask how they're linked and he says I don't know, and whether it's a murder or not and he says I don't know what's going on. And through this all the reporters and the people in the panel, which is Lestrade and another agent, they get texts that keep saying wrong at certain times, which is when he says that they have the best people on the team working at it, and that everyone should feel that they're safe. And so everyone keeps getting these texts. And the last text that Lestrade receives is that he should get in contact with SH, which is Sherlock Holmes. And then so, then Sherlock and Watson, well Sherlock decides that Watson and him would be good flatmates and Watson is like, well I don't know anything about you. And Sherlock doesn't tell him much, but them tells him all about himself, all about Watson. And he's pretty surprised that he could tell all that stuff about him. And he gives him an address and says let's check out this flat. And so they later go and check out the flat which is at 20, or 221 B Baker Street. And there's a woman there who Holmes knows because he got her husband executed or something. And so they go upstairs and the, the apartment is pretty messy but Watson agrees and decides. I mean, I guess he doesn't really agree but he sort of sits there. The woman is obviously friendly with Holmes, sort of dotes on him a bit. And then Holmes gets, so I guess they sort of start talking about the suicides. And he looks out the window and he sees a police car, and he realizes there's been another suicide. And an off, I don't know if he's an officer or an agent, anyway he comes up and he tells Holmes that they need him because there's been another suicide. And Holmes asked, what's different this time? Because that would be the only reason they would get in contact with him. And the thing that's different is that at this suicide the woman left a note. So, he leaves to go check the crime scene out, and Watson sits there and is obviously pretty upset that he can't do anything with his leg. And at the same time, or just before he leaves, Holmes says that his, oh the forensic officer who's working it, his name is Anderson, doesn't like him and won't work with him. And then he comes back after, and sees Watson and he asks Watson if he wants to go with him because he knows that Watson will work with him and he's an army doctor. So they go to the crime scene together and at the crime scene, which is up several flights of stairs, it's like an empty building, and the room that it takes place in is pretty empty. And they're introduced to another agent, a woman, who clearly doesn't like Holmes at all. And the forensic agent guy Anderson is there and he obviously doesn't like him at all either. But the guy who went and picked up Holmes is there and takes him up and says he has two minutes to look it over. And in the time that they're there Holmes figures out that, so there's a woman lying on the ground who obviously is the one who committed suicide, or is dead. And he realizes that her coat is wet under the collar as well, and that her jewelry is all clean except for her wedding ring which is dirtier on the outside than it is on the inside. And basically he like looks around at the scene and from that he figures out that she has a lot affairs, has been in her marriage for at least 10 years and it isn't going very well. She came, he knows where she came from, I don't remember exactly what the place was called but he knows where she came from because of her jacket being wet, but her umbrella not being wet. So he figures out the timing and how long the trip must have been. And then, oh he also figures out that she must have had a suitcase with her that was small and that she must have been only planning to stay for one night because of a set of sort of like splash marks on the back of her left leg. And the note that she carved into the ground was RACHE, with her left hand, and he initially thinks that it's a German word, but then realizes that's not possible, throws that out, and decides that it's somebody named Rachel. So, during the time Anderson comes back in and also makes the note about the German word, Rache, or whatever. And Holmes closes the door on him and he asks where the suitcase is, and no one knows about the suitcase. And so he says, so he tells the officer, agent, whatever, that let him in, he tells him everything he knows about the woman and he says that she's probably in press because of the color of her dress. And as he's walking, running down the stairs, he starts realizing other things, and he says that the murderer, because he decides that he is a murderer, must have made a mistake because it's, because the suitcase must have been left behind. And so she probably left the suitcase in his car and that it's pink. And so he goes off to search for it presumably, and Watson is left behind. And Watson is really impressed with Holmes' abilities. He keeps saying like, oh that's brilliant, whatever. And he sort of limps out, goes down, and is leaving but ends up talking to the woman, the agent Donovan who says not to get involved with Holmes because she believes he's a psychopath and he gets off on all the cases and that eventually he'll be the one committing murders. So Watson starts leaving and as he's walking he passes a public telephone booth which starts ringing, and he doesn't really think much of it. And then he keeps walking and in a restaurant that he passes a phone rings. And finally it rings in another booth and he walks in and answers the phone, and there's a male voice and it says to look at a camera directly to his left, like a security camera. And it turns. And he tells him to do this several times. And he shows that all of the cameras are turned away and the voice says to get in the car. So a car pulls up and Watson gets in the car, and there's a woman in the car who gives him a fake name. And they drive to, almost like an empty warehouse, and there's a well dressed man there who has also a cane but doesn't use it, or some umbrella or something. And there's a chair, and he tells Watson to sit down, and Watson doesn't sit down. He stays standing. And the woman, or the man tells him, the well dressed man tells him that he's not a friend of Sherlocks, but an arch, an enemy, and probably an archenemy. And Watson asks what he wants with him, and the man says that he just wants Watson to keep him updated on what Sherlock does, and that he'll pay him a sum of money. And through the conversation the man sort of reveals a lot of information about Watson as well, in a similar way to Holmes. And he, he makes specifically, or most importantly he makes a note about Watsons hand, and how it tremors normally, but he's in a stress situation at the time and its stopped tremoring. So he said that he obviously doesn't have post traumatic stress disorder from the war, he actually misses being in the war. And, so, Watson doesn't agree to it and leaves in the car with the woman. And he says he needs to stop somewhere before he goes home. And so you see, there's this, like a really short scene of him in his apartment taking his gun and leaving. And then the next scene is he's back in the apartment. Or well there's, there's like a short scene of him and the woman in the car. And he's obviously interested in the woman and she doesn't care. And he goes into, back to the house on Baker street. Oh during the conversation with the man in the warehouse he got a couple texts from Sherlock and they were telling him to come back to the house, saying that it could be dangerous. And when he gets back to the house Sherlock is there, and he's put three nicotine patches on because he says it helps him to think. And he asks to use Watsons phone, and that was the reason he wanted him to come back, so that he could use his phone. And he tells Watson to text the number on his desk, and he also notices that Watson is worried about something. So Watson tells him that he met his, he met an enemy and he met his archenemy, and Holmes says, and Watson asks, or no, no Holmes says, did he offer you money to keep an eye one me? And Watson says, yes. And Holmes said he should have taken the offer so they could split the money. So Watson asks who the man was, and all Holmes says about him is that he is the most dangerous man he'll meet, but that he's not as concerned at the time. So then Watson does text the number that Holmes tells him to text, and he texts him saying, or texts the number which is that of the, Jennifer Wilsons number. And Jennifer Wilson is the woman who the last suicide victim or whatever. And the message that he texts is I blacked out at some point in time, and leaves an address and says where, what happened, can we meet at, and leaves an address and says please come. And so Watson sends the text and Homes goes over what he did while Watson was meeting with the man in the warehouse. And there's flashbacks to what Holmes was doing at that time, which shows that he went and found the suitcase because he realized that the man must of, or the murder must have, tried to get rid of it as soon as he could. So it shows him finding the suitcase in the dumpster but there was no phone in the suitcase, so he can only assume that the murderer took the phone and that's why they're sending the text. And after Holmes says all this the phone rings, and it's a blocked number, and Holmes says that it must be the murderer and so they leave presumably to go to the location. But they don't pick up the phone and that's where it cuts out.
   
