The episode begins with a bunch of soldiers in, I guess, kind of sandy area coming under fire. It bounces around a little bit. I should see this more like a war documentary, and suddenly after a few clips it jumps to Watson in his bed. And he’s sort of in this dark room on this tiny little bed. There’s only a small desk to the left. And, like after the dream ends, he bolts upright and essentially the scene focuses in on him remembering what was going on in Afghanistan. After that it seems to have a time laps and he sort of spends a day. And then it focuses in on him sitting down at a desk, and he opens up his laptop and there’s a blog, but there’s nothing written on the blog. And there, as he’s taking out his computer from the desk you see a gun underneath it. And then the next scene it’s him sitting either on a couch or in a chair talking to a psychiatrist. The psychiatrists asks him if he’s been writing on the blog and he says hasn’t but, and she sort of berates him for not doing so and says that it would really help the situation. And there’s a bit of a confrontation about trust issues between the two of them. The next scene is of Watson walking through a park I believe, and he’s talking, just, just walking through the park. And someone calls out behind him, says his name, and he actually runs into an old friend, I think who’s from med school. And they end up getting coffee and they catch up. And the old friend eventually asks what Watson’s doing in London. And Watson says he’s been dismissed, he’s out of the war. And the friend suggests that he needs a flat mate. But Watson in fact says why would he want a flat mate. And prior to this there was also a whole introduction to the killings. So there’s a scene where a businessman’s walking through a train station on the phone talking to, I believe his secretary, who then says she loves him. And then the scene flashes to him in a high rise building seemingly taking a pill and then curled up against the window, and sort of like a news bulletin about his death. And then after that you see a scene of two teenagers, like on a street, looking for a cab and one of them walks off into the rain. And the next scene you see is him, sort of above a pool, taking another similar pill. And then a headline saying boy found dead. And then the final crime is a, two people are standing outside sort of a dance hall, drinking, they’re asking where a woman went. And then it shows the woman by her car, looking distraught. And then, sort of in an industrial area, again taking the pills. And that flashes to a news conference where there’s the chief inspector and there’s a bunch of reporters talking about, or asking questions about what happened. And each time they ask a question that the chief inspector responds to they get a text saying nope, or wrong. And then, finally after like the third time, the chief inspector gets a text saying you know where to find me, signed S.H. Then after all of that you have Watson and his old friend going into a lab, and Watson comments that the lab is different than what it used to be perhaps. Actually, before that was Sherlock in the lab. So you’re introduced to Sherlock Holmes, which is S.H., and he’s in the lab with the lab assistant, and he’s beating a corpse with a whip to test something about an alibi. In any case, the assistant’s hitting on him. And she tries to wear lipstick and he comments on it. And she asks him if he wants to get coffee, and he takes it as does he want coffee and he says yes. So she gets him coffee. And he sees her again and comments that she looked better with the lipstick. The time that he sees her again is when Watson and the friend come into the laboratory. And so Watson comments on the technology of it, and Sherlock is working with a pipette. And Sherlock asks for a phone, and Watson gives it to him, and that’s that. And Sherlock confronts Watson about being in Afghanistan or Iraq. There’s a whole conversation there and essentially Sherlock ends up assuming that they’re going to become flat mates, and Watson’s sort of going along with it. And Sherlock says, if you want to be flat mates come to 221B Baker Street at a certain. And so Watson goes there the next day and they run into the landlady of the house who Sherlock says owes him a favor because he made sure her husband was executed in Florida. And they look at the flat, and it’s kind of mess but Sherlock has been living there. There’s a skull on the mantelpiece, a bunch of technology equipment in the kitchen. And the landlady assumes that Sherlock and Watson are actually a gay couple, which offends Watson more than it does Sherlock. And as they’re standing in the flat talking, the lady’s asking Sherlock if he’s interested in the three seeming suicides that have happened lately. And you see a scene out the window where you see the police car, or the sirens of a police car flashing. And essentially he’s assuming that the police are coming to pick him up because there’s a fourth murder, or suicide, that suddenly changes things. And so, the police chief comes up the staircase and says there’s a fourth. This time there’s a note. And so Sherlock says you need my help. And as the police chief leaves Sherlock does a little happy dance and walks out, saying Watson [?? 6:52]. Watson sits down The landlady makes some comment about him being a submissive couple or something, and then Sherlock bounces back in saying do you want to see a corpse? And Watson says, I would love to. They get in the cab. Sherlock and Watson sort of ask each other questions. And then they get to the crime scene, where the sergeant, I believe, who hates Sherlock is there. And she calls him a freak. And as they’re going into the house Sherlock comments to the sergeant and the chief medical examiner that the sergeant smells like his deodorant and that her knees are scuffed up, so clearly she had been at his house last night, which sort of throws them both off. They walk into the house, go up these sort of sketchy stairs, and in this room they see the corpse of a woman, face down, completely dressed in pink. And Watson and the chief inspector are wearing medical hazard suits, and Sherlock’s just wearing gloves. And they examine the woman and he’s commenting that the RACHE on the floor is in fact not German for a bench, but is her trying to spell out Rachel. And he surmises that she’s a serial cheater, because all of her jewelry is polished except for her wedding ring, which is dirty on the outside. But on the inside it’s very clean because she constantly takes it on and off. Judging from her outfit and the dampness of her coat, he assumes that she’s been traveling for about a day, and she came from somewhere with rain. And from this he knows that she’s supposed to have a suitcase, but they don’t find it on the scene. So he says we must find the suitcase, we must find the suitcase, and sort of dashes out of the building at that point. And Watson follows after him but Sherlock’s already left. And so Watson asks for a cab. The sergeant, as Watson is asking for a cab, warns him that Sherlock is a psychopath, and that he should stay away from Sherlock because Sherlock eventually is gonna get bored and kill somebody. And Watson’s kind of confused by this but ends up leaving and starts walking away. And as he’s walking, various telephone booths start ringing. And finally the third one, he answers it. And the man on other end of the line tells him to look at a security camera, and look at another. Then a car pulls up and the man tell him to get in the car. There’s Watson sitting in the car, there’s a woman who’s constantly texting, and just sort of answers his questions with a yes or a no. And they drive to sort of a warehouse where there’s a chair and a man holding an umbrella. The man tells Watson to sit down. And Watson prefers to stand, and the man claims that Holmes would consider him his arch nemesis. And he wants to pay Watson a hefty sum of money for Watson to spy on Holmes. But Watson denies it. And the man pulls out a psychiatry book about Watson and tries to threaten him some more, but Watson really just kind of dismisses it and leaves. And so the woman in the car takes him home. Again, she’s kind of dismissive. And he tries to ask her if she has free time and she tells him to get out. And then Watson goes up to the flat and sees Holmes sitting on the couch with three nicotine patches on him. And Holmes is trying to think about the murders. And Holmes asks Watson to take his phone and text the number of the dead lady and ask, and say that she had blacked out in order sort of to tempt the murderer out of cover, because the murderer sort of would think that she’s dead would be surprised that she’s alive. And once they text this to the random number, or to the ladies phone, the person who has the phone calls back and they can see that they scared the murderer out of hiding. 
   
