So at the beginning of the episode...shows flashbacks of lots of military...shows what supposed to his problem with post-traumatic stress disorder, readjusting to life, and I don't know if I'm [inaudible] anymore. Then it shows him opening drawing, taking his computer out, going to his blog page. In the drawer there is a gun. There's nothing on his blog page. And then it flashes into an office of a psychaitrist. She asks if he has started his blog and he says that he hasn't and they continue to talk. And then it flashes to a lady talking to I guess her husband, a guy who is her husband on the phone. She says she loves him. He ends up taking a poison and dies. And then it flashes to a press conference about his death and his suicide and how it didn't make sense and all that. Cuts to two guys walking down the street in the rain. They the to hail a cab. They can't do it. Then one guy who doesn't have an umbrella, tells his buddy he's going to go back to get another umbrella and then he ends up.. it shows him like crying, taking one of the poison capsules. Then they show him. Then there's another person who takes the poison capsule. I think she was out of a party with two of her friends. She was drunk and they got her keys from her so she couldn't drive away and then it cuts to her in a parking lot I think. I don't really know and then she takes the poison capsule and she's dead. And then it cuts to press conference by the lead investigator who was with somebody else describing these three suicides and how they think they are all interrelated. And that is a string of suicides going on and throughout the press conference people keeping text messages from somebody who is supposed to be Sherlock. The press. Gets text messages that just says wrong and the investigator gets a text message telling him where to meet him. And then it cuts back to Watson. Walking through a park, ends up with an old friend, tells him he is looking for a flatmate. And then, his friend tells him that his coworker I guess is also looking for another flatmate and then he brings them to a morgue where Sherlock Holmes whips a dead body. I don't really know why, I guess he's looking, wondering about the bruising pattern. And Sherlock Holmes basically doesn't tell him his name at first. and he like comes off as a pompous arrogant guy, talking to Watson and by the end of conversation he's told them that he could with Watson and Watson says they don't know anything about each other and Sherlock Holmes gives an accurate description of Watson's back story from things that he had deduced from various things about Watson. And then Watson shows up to 221B Baker Street which is where Holmes lives and he is introduced to Ms Hudson, the landlord and decides I guess to live at Baker Street, I'm not really sure about that but the investigator comes in saying, a police car pulls up outside, Holmes sees it and realizes that there has been a fourth suicide. The investigator comes in and Holmeses says he wouldn't have shown up unless there was something different than the previous ones and the investigators tell him that this suicide victim had left a note behind and that he wanted Sherlock to show up at the crime scene. So Sherlock gets all excited and he asks Watson if he wants to come along and see another dead body and Watson goes with him. And they show up at the crime scene and the lady calls Holmes a freak. They kind of a playful banter and he walks in and he runs pass a guy named Anderson who is another investigator who I guess doesn't respect Holmes' work and he gives Anderson a hard time and then deduces that the lady and he had I guess spent the night together, the night before or something. And Holmes and Watson go up. They were wondering why Watson was there. And he said he was his colleague which other people thought was weird and they went upstairs to the actual crime scene where the 4th victim is. And she had scratched R-A-C-H-E into the wood, and Holmes deduces that she was trying to say Rachel and also that she was married for about 10 years but unhappily because all of her jewelry was really clean except for her wedding ring. Her wedding ring was only clean on the inside which meant she took it off a lot and had a lot of different partners. None of them were very consistent. And he also deduces that she had been somewhere that was raining and windy the previous few hours, before she was that, figured that where there would have been from his phone. And then also that she had a suitcase that was pink like the rest of her clothes because of the splatter of dirt, mud and water that was on one of her legs but not the other one. He realizes that it's a murder and that murderer made a mistake by taking the suitcase and her mobile phone. And as Watson they leave, Holmes leaves Watson at the crime scene and Watson talks to the lady they met at the crime scene initially and she tells him not to get too close to Holmes cos she says he's a psychopath and they eventually.. Watson is walking on his own and notices that there's phone ringing everywhere he's walking by. He answers one of the phones in one of the phone booths and the guy on the other end tells him to look into the cameras and they point it all in one way. And then there's a car that he gets into, that has a lady in the back that is always constantly texting. She knows who he is. They take him to a an abandoned warehouse where he meets some guy who has an umbrella who says he is the arch-enemy of Sherlock Holmes and offers Watson money to move into 221B Baker, and give them information about what Holmes is up to. He knows a lot of Watson's background, and like freaks him out and says that Watson doesn't have PTSD but rather he misses being in war and that's why he is so comfortable in that stressful environment. And then he tells Watson to go home. He gets back in the car with the lady who is always texting and he stops off at his original flat to pick up his gun and then he returns to 221B Baker where he asks the lady not to tell her boss that they made a pitstop but she already had. And then he kind of seems like ask her, almost trying to ask her out on her date. He asks if she ever gets time off. But she says she doesn't. And then Watson walks into the flat, Holmes in there with 3 nicotine patches on his arm and says something about how hard it is to maintain a smoking habit in England. And they are in the city of Westminster the whole time. I don't know. They are not in London. And Holmes goes through and wants Watson to text the 4th victim's mobile phone because they was no mobile phone that he found at the scene so he ends up texting that phone something about blacking out the night before yadayada. And Holmes reveaals that he found the 4th victim's suitcase in a dumpster within 5 minutes within the crime scene, which he thinks was a mistake and he notes that the cell phone was not in the crime scene or the suitcase so it must still be in the possession of the murderer. And as he is saying that, Watson gets a blocked phone call on the phone that that he texted the mobile phone from. Holmes says that clearly that shows that the murderer is nervous because he thinks that they are on to something. And they were going to go out somewhere. Holmes is going to go out somewhere. 
   
