Speaker 1    The show begins with a dream--did I kick the? Uh, the show begins with a dream from scenes from Afghanastan and combat and there's gunfire, and solders shouting  and then  Dr John Watson awakes in his room distressed.  He is an Iraq war veteran shot in the leg and it is clear that he is haunted by his dreams from Afghanastan and it seems like he is living out his days in  the same routine.   An empty life as he adjusts to  civilian life  we see him talking to his therapist   she suggests he write a blog of his daily experiences. He replies that nothing happens to him,  so his life is pretty uneventful. At the same time we see some scenes, we see a woman in an office building talking on the cell phone to a guy walking through a train station, well dressed.  Talking about taking a cab to meet  her.   She says she loves him and he said he will be there soon. But then we see him in an abandoned office building on an empty floor and after taking some pills, a mysterious pill. We see him convulsing and he ends up dead.   There is a press conference with his wife , who is a different woman,  she is saying, talking about his alleged suicide. Then in a different shot we see the women who was talking with the businessman on the phone earlier so it  seems like there was an affair.  Then we see two young guys walking home in the rain trying to catch a cab.  One says he is going back to his house to get something quickly.  The other friend is left waiting. We then see the one who left at a train station or on a bridge. He is looking very distressed. He is opening a vial or container with the same type of pills and he ends up taking one. So he ends up as an alleged suicide as well. Then we catch up with John Watson who is walking through the park and ends up seeing an old friend who asks him about his war experiences. John Watson tell him that he is looking for a flat.  The friend replies that he is the second person who asked him that today.  So through  that connection Watson goes to a lab where he meets Sherlock Holmes.  The first time we see him he is in the lab, or a morgue or crime lab with a dead body.  He is talking to a lab assistant, or technician who has a crush on him and he doesn't pick up on her cues. But he has unorthodox methods, he starts beating the body with a gold club.  He wants the lab technician to examine how the body bruises, so maybe he is trying to recreate physical trauma from a crime. So clearly he is very unorthodox.  When he is in the lab Watson walks in with his mutual friend.  They have a short conversation.  Sherlock kind of assumes Watson will be his roommate or flat mate.   Watson says, is kind of taken aback because they hardly even know each other.  But then Sherlock rattles off some things he deducted from meeting him.   Without much explanation he knows he is a military doctor who worked in Afghanistan, and his limp is psychosomatic and senses some tough family relations between Watson and his brother.  So then later, at some point in the show, around that point there is a press conference with the Police Chief.  The press is asking about the string of deaths, and the police chief says they look like suicides but feels that they are some how connected.  Then everyone receives a text that says wrong including the reporters and the police.  The police chief goes on, so each assertion the police chief makes about the deaths, a new round of text messages is sent to the press saying wrong.   Later we see Watson arriving at the flat that he and Watson are going to share,  They go upstairs and it is pretty messy, Sherlock has taken over the space with his lab equipment, folders, skull on the mantel. So he is a pretty quirky guy. And the police chief shows up, and Sherlock realizes--he sees the police car outside and realizes there has been another murder or another death. The police chief arrives, asks him to come and check it out.  Sherlock says he wants an assistant and seems very excited about the fact that there has been another death.    He ends up taking Watson with him as his assistant, so Watson goes from dull life to getting on to the, pursuing the crime, so his life is a little bit more eventful.  They end up in the taxi on the way to the crime scene, and Watson asks  him how he guessed so many things about his life.   Sherlock mentions things about how parts of his skin are very tan, the way he limps when he walks, and when Watson handed him the cell phone to send a text message, he noticed an engraving on the back of the phone that, so Sherlock guessed that the phone was a gift.  The family member ended their relationship with their spouse because the phone was a gift to the other family member, but since they were dumping it off to Watson, he figured they were pretty eager to get rid of it so they had probably left their partner and wanted to get rid of it.  He also surmised the family member was a alcoholic because there were lots of scratch marks around the port to recharge it, and when you are a drunk person, kind of clumsy, you would have trouble putting the cord in the phone because they would be scratching the are around the charging port, so he surmises that the family member was alcoholic. That the relationships between Watson and his family member were kind of strained.  Watson was impressed by this, thinks it was pretty brilliant. The only thing Sherlock gets wrong, we find out, is that the name harry on the back of the phone refers to Harriet.    So its actually his lesbian sister that had broken up with her partner and not his brother.    At the crime scene at a house on the way in he has a testy exchange with one of the detectives, also with the forensics expert on scene.  And he quickly can tell that the detectives and the forensics person were having an affair.  Then they go upstairs and there is a woman dressed in a business casual suit lying face down on the floor.    It looks like with her left finger nail, she had tried to scribble out Rachel on the floor. It looks lie she was able to write R A C H E .    Sherlock realizes this is German for revenge but thought it was more probable she was trying to spell our RACHEL, but didn't have time to write the "L".  He quickly looks over her body, wipes his finger against her coat.  He notices that her umbrella is dry.  He sees that her jewelry, and notices that her wedding ring, its over 10 years old, so he figures she has been married for a while.   But on the inside of the ring it is very smooth and polished and the outside is very dirty which he concludes that it signifies that she has been a serial adulterer and has been taking her ring off a lot for her affairs with, her extramarital affairs.  He by looking up weather in the region recently on that day he figures out that she was from Cardiff , because she had been walking in the rain, and had only recently arrived in London because her coat was wet but her umbrella was dry.  He also realizes she should have had a suitcase because one her legs there is some mud that got under her leg… Assuming that she was rolling a bag behind her.  But the bag disappears, he figures it is pink just like her suit, her sportcoat.   He asks Watson to examine the body and Watson says it looks like strangling or asphyxiation, she doesn't seem drunk.   Oh and before the show we see the same pills in a container on the floor and we've just seen a woman's hand reaching down for them but we did not see the woman.   So we had some advanced warning of this additional death.  Sherlock ends up kind of running out of the room he has a eureka moment about the first mistake that the--first of all he says he thinks they are murders not suicides, that they have a serial killer on their hands, and he has a eureka moment, he gets really caught up and excited, and he runs off to find the suitcase leaving Watson alone. Watson comes out of the building and asks the female police detective earlier where he can find a cab.  And she warns him about getting too close to Sherlock because Sherlock doesn't have any friends and is kind of psychopathic in his affinity for crime and crime scenes and mystery.   And she kind of, due to these psychopathic tendencies, she seems kind of she hints at the possibility that some day Sherlock might be committing the crimes because of his psychopathic tendencies.  Watson ends up not calling a cab and walks home and on the way he hears a pay phone ring, keeps walking, hears another public phone ring, keeps walking, but then when a third one rings he picks it up.  The voice says look  at security  cameras across the street and then tells him to get in the car.  He gets taken away. In the car he talks to a woman who is transfixed by her cell phone.   He asks what her name is and she gives him a fake name, He asks where are they going or he realizes he isn't going to get any information, it's all very unclear.  He ends up in a clandestine warehouse type thing and finds himself talking to a man who refers to himself as the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock has which is an enemy. This man says he considers himself to be Sherlock's arch enemy.    He offers Watson money to spy and provide information on Sherlock's activities.   Watson refuses, not because he feels loyal to Sherlock, he just doesn't want to take the man up on his offer.    The man then asks Watson to hold out his left hand and some how knows that Watson usually has a tremor in his left hand from his wartime experiences.   But the man shows Watson that now that he is in a stressful situation, his hand is not shaking anymore.   So its not the dreams and the supposed PTSD that he's experiencing isn't from nightmares, he's not haunted by the wartime experiences in the battlefield, but he misses it. He is coolest under pressure, like he is calmest in a stressful situation.  That is a turning point for Watson in realizing that the more high stakes life with all this could actually be good for him.    He ends up driving back to his apartment  that we first see him in and picks up a pistol, a gun, and ends up going back to Sherlock's apartment.  He makes a quick pass at the woman but she is not interested.  He tries asking her out but she doesn't go for it.  He ends up going back to the apartment and sees Sherlock lying down with three nicotine patches on his arm so he thinks he has some sort of addiction problem, or cigarette addiction he is trying to get rid of.  Sherlock asks him to send a text message to the phone of the woman who died.  And Watson is a little miffed because Sherlock had been sending him text messages when he was whisked away by this mystery man. Sherlock had been sending him messages saying it was dangerous and to come home when you can so Watson is wondering what this fuss is all about.  So he sends off the message that Sherlock asks him to.  Then he notices that Sherlock--He tells Sherlock that he met his arch enemy but Sherlock doesn't seem too worried, he asks him which one of my enemies, kind of nonchalantly. Asked him if he offered me money to spy on him.  When Watson said he did not except it Sherlock says it is a pity because we could have split the money, so he was not very worried about people who wished..his enemies. And then Sherlock gets up and Watson realizes that Sherlock found the pink suitcase that belonged to the dead woman.  Sherlock says he realized that the killer would have wanted to take the suitcase and hide it somewhere. And he Sherlock ended up going to, it might have been Cardiff but I don't  remember exactly, but he ends up finding the backpack --or suitcase-- in the dumpster.  So he has the suitcase back in the apartment that he shares with Watson but then says whats missing? the cell phone.   So then he tells Watson that the number he texted was the number of the dead woman.    So the killer should have the dead woman's phone.   And then shortly after Watson gets a phone call and it is a withheld number so it must be the killer calling back.  So Sherlock, because as far as he knows, because the message that he had Watson send was in the voice of the dead woman, Sherlock intentionally wanted to confuse the killer into being--It was the type of message that only the dead woman could have sent, so the killer calls back obviously, kind of taking the bait.  Sherlock says then we have more business to do.  Watson says like okay do you want me to go with you? Sherlock says well you--Sherlock hints that he Watson is enjoying it too--that you came back even though I said it was be dangerous.   So Watson is back in this dangerous environment, kind of back in the fray.  And he realizes he is up for it and looks forward to it.  And then the segment ends with both of them leaving the flat to go take the next step in tracking down the killer and that is it.   


















