Speaker 1 :  The episode begins in  one of Watson's dreams, he is having a dream about the war.   It's a nightmare and very violent and he wakes up in a cold sweat  and is very distraught and begins to sob. I believe the next scene he is talking to his therapist about his issue with  post traumatic stress.  He reads something she write upside down and she makes a comment about why did you do that.  After the scene with the therapist, he is walking out of the office and he runs into an old friend who has become fat, so they sit down to have some coffee on a park bench. it comes out that Watson is looking for a flatmate. He doesn't have a lot of money so his friend brings him to Sherlock Holmes' flat where we see Sherlock doing some work on some type of science experiments.    And Watson and the friend come into Sherlock's office or lab. Sherlock asks to borrow a phone but the mutual friend left his phone in his jacket, so Watson offers his phone instead.  At some point Sherlock deduces that Watson is there because he needs a flat mat.   Watson is surprised as to why or how Sherlock knew that he needs a flat mate. Sherlock always asks Watson Iraq or Afghanastan? Just somehow knowing he was in the war. Watson is very credulous at first but then Sherlock shows his deduction skills by drawing a bunch of conclusions  about the way Watson hold his head and stands.  He is able to draw these conclusions and paints a picture of Watson's life just based on these observations. This may have happened before this but we see a montage of people killing themselves, starts out with a blond woman on the phone with a business guy and they seem very happy to know each other. And then we cut to a scene where he's eating this capsule with white granular substances with pink dots in it, grains in it.   Then we see him huddled in a fetal position in a gutted  warehouse, or apartment or office building.  Then the scene cuts back to his wife , not the blond lady, speaking of at some type of press conference saying she can't believe he killed himself.  The next part of the montage is another woman, no young man killing himself. He is with his friend in the rain. Friend has an umbrella, he doesn't, says he is going back to get his umbrella. The friend says you could share mine, but he doesn't agree with that so he goes back to get his umbrella. Then we cut to a scene of him ingesting the same white pink capsules. And I believe (???). Then a third middle aged woman's birthday party, you see a picture of her.  There's two individuals, one guy one girl at the bar, and they were saying oh is she still singing? I guess they are referring to the woman who's birthday it was. But then it cuts to the scene of the birthday woman also ingesting the pills. So that may or may not have happened after we meet Sherlock for the first time. Now we are back to real-- like back to present time.  Sherlock and Watson have agreed to go look at a flat together,  I think it is 122B Baker Street.  They go to see this apartment, Sherlock somehow knows the land lady who he made sure that her husband got the death penalty some years earlier and she was apparently appreciative of that.  They go in and look at the apartment.  Watson says it could be quite nice, it is a mess at this time though because Sherlock was living there.  He's got some is some beakers, flasks on the kitchen table and books strewn about.   From there we see a police car outside the window and of course Homes already knows there has been a fourth suicide and the police chief comes in and Sherlock asks what is different about this one because you wouldn't have come to me if this was the same as the other three. The police chief says you know how they never leave a note?  Well this one did. And so Sherlock gets really excited. He says he knows it is a murder at this point and gets excited. And then they go, Watson.. Sherlock leaves the room and Watson asks the land lady for a cup of tea, and she says just this once, I am not your housekeeper. He asks for biscuits too and she says I am not your housekeeper. Then Sherlock comes back for some reason, and Sherlock had earlier said he needed an assistant, I guess it just somehow fell into place that Watson would go with him. So they go to this crime scene, its like this really morbid house, its an abandoned house. The crime scene is a woman, face down, in a pink overcoat, kind of auburn hair and in her mid 40's. And before Sherlock goes into the house, he runs into this woman who is also one of the investigators who doesn't like him. Because she feels threatened that he's so smart. He takes a sniff of the air and says something to the tune of I guess you didn't make it home last night. And she looks at him funny and asks what he means. Then he walks up to this other guy who's also an investigator, like the forensics guy it looks like, and makes a comment about his deodorant being for men. The forensics guy says of course its for men, I'm wearing it. Then Sherlock says well so is she, the first girl.  So he is insinuating that they spent the night together and they are having affair, because the guy's wife was our of town. This is more of his super deductive skills. That was out of order though. So back to the dead woman in the room.  Sherlock starts feeling around, like the coat and notices it is wet. And we see the word wet on the scree. Feels some other thing, I don't know what it was, that was dry .  Some of her jewelry is clean buts her wedding ring is dirty meaning it hasn't been cleaned. So that means somehow that she has a bad marriage, but the inside is clean which means she must take it off a lot, so she is a serial adulteress. He is drawing all these conclusions about her, starts telling other people in the room… Oh well the forensics guy comes in and gives one of his ideas ???. He is able to deduce that she must be in the media because she is wearing a weird color pink,  she must have traveled a distance no more than three hours away because her coat is wet and it hadn't rained nearby, but it couldn't have been more than three hours or she would have dried in the car. So it had to be about two or three hours away. Figures out it must have been this place called Cardiff that she came from because it was the only place within two or three hours that had rain and severe winds. And he knew that there was wind because even though she had an umbrella, it was too windy for her umbrella. So at this point Sherlock is really excited and he knows there is a serial killer.  He runs down the stairs. I think Watson yells down to him, how do you know? And something about the color pink being like what made you know? And then… I guess we are back at Sherlock's apartment now and we see a flash back to him digging through some garbage and know has her suitcase.  Yeah apparently she had to have a suitcase because of spray marks from a rolling suitcase on her right leg. That let him know she had a rolling suitcase, but it wasn't there so the serial killer  must have disposed of it and Sherlock finds it in a dumpster.  He calls the serial killer from her phone, the dead woman's phone, saying what happened at something gardens, I must of blacked out. And he makes Watson drive across town to send the text message for him.    Watson is a little annoyed by that but he sends the text and gets a call back from a withheld number. And Sherlock deduces that if a regular person had picked up the phone, they wouldn't have answered a text like that but a killer would panic, call the number back.  So they think they know where the guy is and Sherlock gets excited again.  He's leaving, he puts his coat and scarf on. And Watson is debating whether he should get involved. Oh I completely forgot this part where earlier some time after the crime scene with the woman in pink, Watson is walking home and every pay phone he walks by starts ringing and he starts thinking its weird.  So he picks up the third one and he starts talking to this weird guy on the phone tells him to get in the car.  So he gets in the car and they take him to a warehouse where he meets this guy in a suit. And he says he is Sherlock's arch nemisis and offers him money to spy on Sherlock. But he refuses it.  Then he makes some comments about his tremors being gone because he likes pressure.   That was a bit out of order.  Watson reveals back at Sherlock's apartment now, near the end of the episode, Watson reveals he met this arch nemesis guy. Sherlock is getting ready to leave. Watson lets Sherlock know that everyone is saying he should stay away from Sherlock.    Sherlock just makes this comment something kind of like, I forget what the comment was, but something like… Watson accuses Sherlock of getting off on the danger and then Sherlock says back to Watson that I told you in that text that this could be dangerous and you are still here. So its like they both have this moment of, okay this is exciting let's go do this.  The episode ends and that is all I remember.






