Okay, so the scene opens with military flashbacks, of combat and war, and we see uh Watson lying on his bed. He wakes up in the middle of the night having a panic attack, or what appears to be that. And then it switches to a scene where he's with a therapist and she is saying, she is asking him about his brother and where he is going to stay and why he isn't reaching out to him. And he notices that his therapist has written that he has trust issues and is resistant to talking with her. And then it switches to the next scene where we that there are these murders that have happened. The first is the scene of a man on the phone with a blonde woman. And it seems that its his mistress. And he tells her that he is going to see her later, and we see him taking a pill, and then he's dead. And then it goes to a press conference where his wife is talking about the fact that she doesn't understand why her husband would take his own life. And we see the mistress standing off to the side. And then we get another series of scenes where there is a young boy that takes the pill and dies in a sports center. We see a newspaper headline saying this 18 yr old has died. And then there is a woman as well who's last name is Davenport who has died from the same medicine. So we switch to this press conference where the chief of police, or the head of the police station, is answering these questions regarding the fact that these suicides have happened and there are these mass texts that are going on. During this press conference he is talking about the fact that all these suicides are connected in some way because of the similarity of the fact that they have all taken this medicine and they all are in places that they don't normally belong. And these text messages start occurring during the press conference as he's explaining the case that simply say "wrong" to all of the reporters. And he gets a text message that says he knows where to find him and its signed SH, so from Sherlock Holmes. Then it goes to the scene where John Watson is walking in a park and he runs into an old friend that he knew from previous to his going to the war. That was just a friend with him. So they are sitting and they have coffee. And the friend ends up taking him back to this medical lab where Watson and Sherlock have their first encounter. And Sherlock immediately, upon seeing Watson, identifies the fact that he is walking with this limp and asks him, Iraq or Afghanistan? and Watson says Afghanistan. And its kind of this real abrupt meeting where Watson is basically put up to being roommates with Sherlock. So in the park him and his friend talked about the fact that he's not in London any longer because he doesn't have the money to do it. So the friend brings him there, knows that Sherlock has been looking for a roommate. So without any of this being discussed, Sherlock brings up the fact that he has a place in central London for a very cheap amount and gives him the address, its 221B, for Watson to meet him there if he's interested in it. Watson is kind of taken aback by this entire exchange and confused with how he knows this, how he knows about the fact that his brother drinks and he sees a therapist and he's been in a war. And Sherlock gives just brief explanations of how he observes that but for the most part its kind of a mystery. He makes this abrupt departure. And the friend that he, Watson, had come with was just like, yeah he's always like that. Then it goes to Watson and Sherlock at the house of Ms. Hudson where Watson goes, they go in and meet Ms. Hudson, who Sherlock has basically helped convict her husband for murder in Florida. And so Ms. Hudson has given Sherlock this deal on this room. So they go upstairs and Watson sees this place, and it's quite trashed, there's just a bunch of stuff everywhere. And Watson is like well if we get this all cleaned up it'll be fine. Sherlock realizes that its all his stuff and is like well, I could straighten it up a bit I guess. So they have an exchange where Ms. Hudson comes in, asks if everything looks okay, and she picks up the newspaper and she's asking Sherlock about the murders that have happened. And Sherlock briefly looks outside and he sees that there are cop cars, and he says that there must have been a fourth murder and something must have been different, so that is why they are there and just moments later, the chief walks in, who had been at the conference earlier, and he talks to Sherlock saying that there had been a fourth woman who had died, but there was a note found with her which was the first difference of all of it. And, so asked her like if he wants to come, he asks her who's on the investigation, its Anderson on forensics. And he's like well he won't work with me but Sherlock decides to go anyway, tells Watson he can stay there have some tea, and he asks Ms. Hudson for some food, where she replies that she's not their housekeeper. And so he like leaves after the police chief, excited that there's this fourth murder and there's been a change. So he's going out and Watson's sitting in a chair and Ms. Hudson offers some tea and he asks for some biscuits and they have kind of an exchange about the fact that he's a sitting man and he isn't like Sherlock. And then, so Watson is waiting on his tea, and Sherlock comes back in the room and talks to Watson about the fact that he is an army doctor. And asks him if he's any good and if he'd be interested in coming with him. And so, Watson ends up leaving Ms. Hudson with the tea and going out with Sherlock. They get to the car to go to the murder scene, and they have this exchange in the car where he's asking, Sherlock realizes Watson has questions, so Watson kind of asks how he knew the things he knew about his personal life. And Sherlock proceeds to give him this explanation of his phone, how he realizes that the phone wasn't his own because it was too advanced for what Watson would have because of his financial state. And it was all scratched up which means that like he didn't care. And he realizes it had been engraved on the back from Harry Watson so he assumes it is his brother, and then there are scuff marks next to the charger, so he assumes that because of unsteady hands, his brother must drink. And that it had to have been a gift from the brother, from his wife at the time or whatever, and you know Watson is just amazed by this exchange in the car. So as they are getting out of the car to go to the crime scene, Sherlock's asking if he got everything right about the description of this brother and Watson shares that all of this is true, that Harry and Clare are getting a divorce, and him and Harry had never really gotten on since they were little, but turns out that Harry is not a guy its a girl, it's short for Harriet. So Sherlock yet again is off by this one little detail. But they walk up to the crime scene and they encounter a woman named Sally, a black woman, and she and Sherlock have this really interesting exchange which kind of tiffs back and forth and she calls him a freak and says the freak is coming in as she pulls up the line for him to go in. And she stops Watson asking how Sherlock got a colleague and how he's here. And out comes Anderson to speak to Sherlock, and the Anderson guy clearly has some issues about Sherlock contaminating his scene and questioning his ability. And Sherlock proceeds to ask him if his wife had been gone long, if his wife was gonna be gone. And he notes his cologne because Sally smells of the same cologne, so we find out there's something going on between Anderson and Sally, there's some kind of affair happening that Sherlock is aware of, or has kind of like inferred. And then Watson gets to go under the line and to go and then thats when the break was for the first episode. When we return then to the episode, we see them coming up the stairs where the police chief is explaining there is a woman found in this room, all alone, she was writing on the floor. And he tells Sherlock that he has two minutes. Where Sherlock says he may need a little bit more time. Watson's kind of just following the whole time, just kind of unsure what all is going on anyways. So they walk into the room. Sherlock notes that the woman that's laying there, her coat is damp, that she's left handed because of the marks on her finger nails, that she has been married for 10 years unhappily because the only time her ring comes off, her ring comes on and off often because all the other jewelry she has is clean but her ring is dirty on the outside. So its obvious that her wedding ring is not being polished and he says that thats a marker of an unhappy marriage. Um and so he's being asked by the police chief if he has anything and Anderson comes in to interact and they end up shutting the door on him because he's trying to say that what this woman has written in the floor is German for revenge and Sherlock knows that but is like she's not German so that's not important. So they shut the door on him and him and the police chief and Watson end up having this conversation about the fact that she's unhappily married and that, how he knows that, and the fact that she has a suitcase. And so Sherlock is convinced there's a suitcase that's been found in the room. And the police chief's like we haven't found any suitcase, you don't know what you're talking about. But Sherlock notes kind of like these splash marks that are on the back of her calf. And in the meantime there's an exchange that happens with Watson asking Watson to examine the body. The police chief reluctantly gives permission for Sherlock and Watson to work as a team. So Watson bends down to examine the body, smells it, says that it must be asphyxiation or even possibly a seizure. But he doesn't smell any of these things on the woman but it definitely wasn't a suicide. And so Sherlock kind of in this moment realizes that ??? after Watson had examined the body, and he realizes that there had been a suitcase. Pops to his feet, gets really excited, and kind of runs out of the room and is running down the staircase, and he realizes that its pink, like pink is the answer to what he.. the serial killer must have made a mistake along the way and this was the first one. So he kind of makes this revelation and he leaves. And so Watson's left kind of on this crime scene, so Watson is leaving the room, he goes back down, he has an exchange with Sally where Sally warns him that Sherlock gets off on these murders and he should really stay away from him because he is a psychopath. And so he kind of ignores Sally and he leaves and asks where he can find a cab because of his leg and she directs him to the main road. So he's walking down this main road and the phone booth next to him rings. And then he continues walking, kind of ignoring that, and another phone rings in a business as he's walking by. And then it stops as someone else comes to answer it. And then he keeps walking, there's a third one that's on his left, and its ringing. So he goes into the phone booth, he answers, and this voice on the phone directs him to see the fact that there are these multiple security cameras that have been kind of tracking where he is. And it tells him to get into this car, to come where he's going. And there's this woman in this car who gives him a fake name, but John ends up using his own, and she's like I already know who you are. And so they arrive at this kind of like warehouse place, and there's a man standing there which is an umbrella, kind of waiting to talk to Watson asking his relationship to Sherlock. And Watson's just really kind of unsure who this man is and what he is doing there but isn't really giving up any information, so this man offers Watson money to spy on Sherlock. And he kind of tells Watson about himself and about the fact that you know he realizes that he's a man that's gonna have money and he's living with Watson now. And that his therapist should be fired because she thinks that he is living with post traumatic stress, but when he asks to see Watson's hand, he tells him that its not that he is haunted by the war, but that he is missing the war. And so that he is working with Watson, he needs to pick his sides if he is going to work for Watson or if he is going to work for him. Because Watson allows people to see London as this like battlefield and he realizes that Sherlock has already introduced John to this battlefield of London. And so he like walks off after Watson had refused, telling him that its time that he chooses. And so during this exchange Watson gets two text messages from Sherlock that tell him to come back to the apartment, if its convenient at least. And then he gets a second message that even if its inconvenient he should come anyways. And so all of this, these text messages are happening intermittently, and this guy is interrogating Watson and asking him to come back. So anyways the man walks off, Watson gets back in the car with the woman, where he tries to makes some kind of coy pass at her and she simply just ignores him. So he goes back and he gets his gun in his apartment before he goes back to 221B. So he arrives back there where Sherlock is laying on the bed and he has three nicotine patches on and he's just kind of like meditating. So Watson arrives and he kind of asks Sherlock what's going on, what about the murder? And he said he's thinking, its become really hard to develop or to maintain a smoking habit in London, so he uses nicotine patches. He asks Watson for his phone, and Watson gives him his phone reluctantly, and Sherlock asks Watson to take his phone back and text the number that is on his desk. But Watson replies that he had met his friend, who that he corrects and says that he's met his enemy. And the Sherlock asks, oh which enemy? And he said your archenemy. And Watson asks Sherlock who that man is, and he says its the most dangerous man that he knows but its of no concern to him right now. And so again he asks him to go text this number that's on his desk. And he sees the number on his desk and he sees that it has the name of Jennifer, whatever the last name is of the woman that had been murdered, and Watson realizes that he's like is that the name of the woman? Sherlock says you know, don't worry about that right now, just send this text exactly as I'm saying it. So he sends the text about being blacked out in this park, not remembering what had happened, and kind of like come and meet me, asking to come and meet him. So Watson's asking what this text message is about and then after he sends it from his phone, and Sherlock brings over this pink suitcase that Watson realizes is this woman's. And all the things that are missing out of it are her cellphone. And so Sherlock explains that he assumes that the killer must still have the cell phone and be in possession of it. And so because the killer must still be in position of her phone, Watson like, Sherlock and Watson send the text message to see. And there's then this call that happens a few moments later, its from a withheld number, and Sherlock realizes it must be the killer who has it, because anyone else who had received that text message, it wouldn't have been any kind of consequence for them. And so he gets up to go, presumably to like meet this killer, to look for the killer. And before that he had explained to Watson how he had got the suitcase, that he had tracked it down looking for the alleyways between the garden and the building that they had been at, so he had been through, found the trash can in an alleyway, and that he wasn't actually the killer. So that happened before he gave the explanation of what was missing out of the suitcase. So anyhow after this call happened, Sherlock gets up to go and deal with this killer, to meet the killer presumably, and Watson's like this is what you had me do, like you just wanted me to send a text? And he's like well I do much better when I'm talking out loud and Ms. Hudson took my skull that I normally talk to, the skull that was sitting on the mantel of the apartment who Sherlock referred to as his friend in an earlier scene. And so Watson was like oh are you wanting me to come with you? And Sherlock says he does much better when he has company, so he goes out and you know like oh you want me to come meet a murderer? And says that Sally had warned him not to be with Sherlock. And Sherlock is like well, you know I also sent a text message--oh it was because Sally told Watson that Sherlock gets off on this. And Sherlock replies well, I sent you a text message saying this was dangerous and here you are right now. And so, we leave this scene with the two of them leaving the building to go kind of pursue this… and yeah!








