Okay, so it started with flashbacks, or like little video snippets of warfare. Guys running around shooting guns, that kind of thing. And it cut to Watson in a bed waking up from a dream. And you sort of realize that this guy must be a soldier suffering from some form of PTSD or.. He then wakes up in the morning, sits at his desk, and he attempts to write a blog. When he gets the computer out from the desk, there's a gun. So this sort of adds to the idea that this guy is a soldier. He's obviously very caught up in his memories. ??? He is walking through a park with a walking stick, and we realize that he was actually wounded in duty. He then meets an old friend, the one who got fat, as the ? puts it. I can't remember his name though. Anyway they go talking and it becomes known that Watson is looking for a flatmate. The fat guy alludes to the fact that he knows somebody who is also looking for a flatmate and decides to pair the two up. And this is where we first get introduced to Sherlock. The fat guy brings Watson to Sherlock's laboratory. However I should say before that, sorry, he's at the morgue. So Sherlock is in the morgue whipping corpses, as a joke. He is.. We get a sense of his sort of removal from normal life, as the morgue assistant asks if he would like coffee, meaning if he would like to go on a date and get coffee. However, Sherlock misreads this and asks for, or he says yes please, black with two sugars. Quite a comedic moment I must say. Watson and Sherlock are introduced and Sherlock immediately deduces that Watson was in service, we learn later on that this is because Sherlock read certain aspects of Watson's demeanor and appearance, specifically his tan, and his psychosomatic limp. And then Sherlock invites Watson over to his house, which is 221B Baker Street, London. When Watson arrives, the landlady, who I can't remember her name, Sherlock treats her as a housekeeper rather than a landlord, or landlady. The apartment is pretty filthy, there's a lot of clutter. Obviously Sherlock has not spent a lot of time in his apartment. There's also a skull, which is quite odd. During--before this, there is the whole prelude to the murder/suicide, or just suicides. People take pills, they die, and they end up in places which they're not always associated. So the first victim is someone who is found in an abandoned office block. The second victim was found in a sports complex. And the third victim was found in a..can't remember where. Anyway, when Sherlock is showing Watson around the apartment, the police detective arrives and Sherlock immediately deduces that there is a fourth victim and that something is different. The thing that is different is that there was a note left at the crime scene. So Sherlock is obviously very excited by this. He goes off, comes back, and invites Watson. Watson is excited by this and he tells the landlady not to worry about the cup of tea she was making for him, and they both go off. When they get there, Watson, pardon me Sherlock, has a confrontation with one of the police officers, the woman where she makes out that he's a freak, or at least a little bit odd. Watson, pardon me Sherlock, sort of puts her in her place though when he realizes that she had spent the night at another police officer's house. He does so by recognizing the deodorant that the other is wearing. So they go to the crime scene, its a few floors up, pardon me, and Sherlock sort of does his work, he's given two minutes. And the notable thing is that Sherlock doesn't have to wear one of the suits to avoid contamination. Probably because he's just that good, I guess. Anyway, so Sherlock goes to work and finds out that the woman who's in the media apparently, lives in Cardiff, or is from Cardiff, figures this out because she is wet and she had an umbrella but didn't use it. She's also married unhappily, and must be seeing some guys on the side. Watson is most stumped by the fact that Sherlock could figure out that she was from Cardiff. And then Watson does his little bit, says that she died of asphyxiation, at which point it becomes clear that the spate of killings are not suicides but in fact murders. Perhaps this is also added to the fact that because she was staying overnight and there wasn't a suitcase nearby, Sherlock could deduce that the serial killer had messed up and tripped up and by not leaving the suitcase, showing that they're not suicides, they're murders, that there's a third party acting. So Sherlock runs off excitedly, forgets about Watson. Watson walks outside, confronts the police officer, the female police officer from the start of the scene, and she warns him about these tendencies and she sort of deduces that, she says that Sherlock must be, you know, sort of semi-psychotic, and that he could be the next murderer, sort of thing. So Watson sort of takes this in, you can see that he is a little bit worried, but still trusts Sherlock. Anyway she tells him the best place to get a cab would be on the main road. He walks off. As he's walking, when he goes past the telephone it starts ringing. But not his cellphone, public telephones that kind of thing. Anyway he gets into a phone booth and … he gets into a phone booth, its ringing, and there's a man on the other end. And he says look to your top right, at the security camera. And then he does so, we see the security camera turn around. And he does this two more times to two other security cameras, and it is pretty clear that that Watson isn't being in--isn't very secure now that all the other security cameras are facing the other way. The voice on the other end of the telephone says get in the car, I don't need to threaten you because its pretty clear what'll happen if you don't get in. So Watson reluctantly, but without fear, gets in the car. There's a woman sitting in the back seat with him. She tells him her name. I can't remember but its a fake name. And she seems very sort of disinterested. At least very relaxed, always disinterested in Watson's presence. So they drive, he asks where they're going, she says are you serious? I'm not going to tell you, you can't know. And they get to the location, its an abandoned warehouse, very scary, you know quite dramatic. A guy goes up to Watson and starts talking about Sherlock and how they're arch enemies and all that kind of business. During this, Watson receiving texts from Sherlock, ones that say "come back to Baker street, if its convenient." That kind of thing. He gets two or three text messages. Well he gets two that he reads. The first one reads, come back to Baker street if convenient. And then says, the next one says, or if inconvenient, come anyway, there will be danger. Well this is sort of the place in between where the man is speaking about how Sherlock is an odd character, and then he wants Watson spying on him. Obviously there's a back story here that we don't actually get. But the main premise is that Watson has to choose between receiving money, betraying Sherlock, or you know, sort of trusting this guy he just met, who might be, could have the potential to be, a serial killer. So anyway, so what this kind of does is this sets up there's a, Watson has an immense trust for Sherlock as he shuns the offer made by the guy. He goes back to Baker street, even though it was a little bit inconvenient. Anyway, so he goes back to Baker street, and Sherlock's sitting there, and Watson asks like what was so urgent that I have to come? And Sherlock starts telling him about the suitcase that he found. Watson is really in awe of all this so yeah he's saying wow this is brilliant, like to.. So Watson found, pardon me Sherlock found the suitcase, the deceased lady's suitcase. I should add, carved into the floorboards was "rache" or "rachel" without the "l" into the floorboards. That was sort of the note that was left. So Sherlock's telling him about the suitcase and what he found, all that kind of stuff. And then there's no mobile phone. Sherlock asks for Watson's mobile, but at which point Watson asks why do you borrow the landlady's phone? Sherlock says that she's out, or something. So anyway, he borrows Watson's phone, sends her a text saying something like I blacked out, what's up? And he texts the killer, sends a message to the killer, the murderer. And this is meant to sort of, you know shock the killer. You know, so the killer gets the idea that she's not in fact dead, that she's just passed out. So Watson, well a little bit annoyed that Sherlock would you know sort of boss him around like that, he is awed by his brilliance and his sort of cunning in thinking of this kind of manner. And so it sort of ends with the message being sent, and the call being placed by the killer to Watson's phone. And at that point, later in the day, they found the killer, found the murderer, but they still need to sort of figure out who it is and that kind of thing. And uh yeah that's pretty much that portion of Sherlock. 





